Ever since I was but a seedling of the World Tree Nordrassil, a young sprout hearing of the adventures to the Southern Lands from my uncle, I knew that strange and wonderous beasts inhabited the lands outside of the Grove. Nothing, none of the amazing stories of the ThunderBluff Taurens or the green-fleshed Orcs could prepare me for what I encountered today...

A lonely, obese creature known as BobbyJoe. Well, half of him was Bobby, and the other half, I think, was Joe.

I was walking through Dolanaar, about to visit the moonwell south of town when I spotted the strange creature.



It had the heads of two men, yet the body of one. I could not figure out how such a creature came to be. The Druids of my people have the ability to assume the form of Nature's Wonders, but this can be no druidic talent. This creature resembled the stocky Ogres I've heard of from the southern reaches of Kalimdor, but this one... well, I knew nothing about.

My intrigue overpowered my fear of the unknown and I approached him -- he did not look dangerous, though he did look strong. Beneath his rotund cheeks and staring into his.... unequally distributed eyes, I could tell he was more shy and curious than evil or destructive. He almost appeared to be lonely, or lost.He stared at me for as long as I stared at him, and I decided his peering had gone on for too long and decided to move on. But, he kept following me, as if a lost nightsabre youngling!



I told him to go away, but he wouldn't listen! He just kept following me! I challenged him to a duel to scare him off, since he seemed to be in some sort of pacified state, and we fought.







He barely even scratched me! He just kept trying to pet my hair! I think he was... *shudder* attracted to me! He kept lunging for my hair yelling "pretty! me pet!" I defeated him and the pain drove him to his knees, and he began to weep. I didn't know what to think of this. A strange beast in a foreign land, lost as a small woodland beast within the halls of Darnassus... I almost began to take pity on him. He certainly did not belong here.

I left him weeping on the ground, afraid to pity him for too long. As I continued on my path, I ran into ANOTHER one of these two headed creatures. Surrounding him were a bunch of fowls, chickens perhaps.... curious. I went over to investigate and see what this two-headed ogre was doing with these chickens, when suddenly I blacked out. When I came to, where once were arms, I had wings! The beast had transformed me into one of his chickens! Flapping around frantically, I realized that I could communicate with the other chickens as well... this is too strange!



I kept assuring myself that I must had fallen ill from a poisoned fen cone and that this was some sort of hallucination, the entire day just a bad dream generated by spoiled vegetation. One of the chickens, Cecil, began pleading to the ogre to be returned to her normal form, and in a blink of an eye, she returned to her elven form. The ogre's two gaping maws laughed a deep guffaw and turned her back into a chicken almost as soon as she had become humanoid again. Afraid he may have other plans for us, I fled as quickly as I could.

As I was running around as fast as my chicken legs could carry me, BobbyJoe spotted me, and somehow knew that it was me! He kept going "Pretty chicken! Me pet!" and began following me around again! ARGH! This is like some sort of psychotic nightmare!

Despite the annoying ogre and my... fowl form, I still had a task at hand -- I had to slay an evil satyr that had been causing a ruccus throughout the grove. My companion and I set out even though we could easily be mistaken as the satyr's main course and not his undoing.



We found the cave that he was last spotted in and began to look around. The ogre still had not stopped following me, and was completely content with just trying to pet me as I ran around looking for the satyr, completely oblivious to his surroundings.

We pecked at the sprites that were throughout the cave, catching them by surprise with our... unexpected form and then wreaking havoc upon them with our skills -- even though he was but a chicken, Jaskalas could still grant us holy shields and stamina, and my warrior abilities still were able to cut through their flesh, though my only weapon avaliable was my beak.

The ogre, however, seemed to want nothing to do with the combat, but his presence greatly disturbed the sprites. They attacked him on sight, and we tried desperately to protect the simple minded, but innocent, bufoon.



The sprites kept coming though, and eventually slayed our "friend" Bobby Joe. It was a bit unsettling to let an innocent, though scary looking, creature of nature die, but he had not listened to our warnings.



After we killed his assailants, we mourned the death of the poor creature.



We left him where he fell and went deeper into the cave searching out the Satyr, who went by the name Lord Melenas. When we spotted him far into the abyss, he let out a hiss and instantly transformed into a dog-like creature and attacked. Two chickens fighting a dog -- this was surely some sort of psychotic illusion.



With Jaskalas's healing powers and holy shields, we were able to slay the creature and upon his death he re-emerged in his natural form. We collected his head as a token of his death and proceeded to leave the cave.



When we passed the area where BobbyJoe had fallen, there was nothing -- no corpse, no remains, no stains, nothing to show that he did indeed die. Strange, I thought... maybe he was just an illusion and I was coming down from the effects of a bad Forest Mushroom Cap? Maybe soon I'd "snap out" of this chicken form I had convinced myself I had become and be back to normal... I could only hope.

When we returned to the village, carrying the head in our two beaks, we spotted a familiar, rotund form -- BobbyJoe! I began losing it, as he was seemingly alive and well back here in town after we had watched him die. Having no idea what to make of it, I approached him, and again he bellowed his cries -- "Pretty chicken! Me pet!"



Suddenly, what once was a look of admiration turned to that of... hunger. He began growling, yelling, "MMMM CHICKEN!" I screamed for my life, knowing that his simple mind had "switched tracks" from admiring me to wanting to devour me!



I ran around flailing my defunct wings as fast as I could trying to escape the ogre as he barreled down on me as fast as his... large form could carry him. Eventually I got tired of running and faced the mammoth moron head on in a duel.



We fought again and I pecked at his toes, causing him to scream like a little girl. During the fight, the "Bobby" head of the peculiar ogre looked like it was... falling asleep. Eventually, the one head leaned over and collapsed on its shoulder, and began snoring. The "Joe" head began smashing the other head with his shield, yelling "WAKE UP STOOPID!"



Jaskalas and I began laughing far too hard to resume the fight for our chicken-lives, as it appeared the ogre was no longer interested in having us for dinner... not only that, half of him was more interested in a nap.

Though watching BobbyJoe's simplistic mind(s) at work was entertaining, I was starting to worry that this strange day -- my chicken form, the strange two headed ogres... everything... was starting to become more "permanent" than initially thought.

Now that my original task was done, I had a new one -- to find some sort of cure for this strange hallucination I was living. 	 
  	-- posted on Thursday 01st of April 2004 09:29:30 PM