Hello!

Let me introduce you to my friends Mordyn, Loengard, and Maltrok... these three people happened across me when I was dazed after my run-in with a tree trunk, and had woken me up rather rudely with bops to the head from a half-full jug of mead. "You look like you could use some whiskey, eh?" Maltrok belched in his native Dwarven drawl. I came to rather quickly after a quick chug of the vile, burning dwarven brew and sat up against the tentpost.

"We thought you'd like to join us on a quest," Mordyn quietly stated as he sharpened his blade with a coarse stone. He seemed like the quiet type... the quiet type you wouldn't want standing across from you in an open battlefield. "We've come to slay Zzarc' Vul for his monocle. I'm sure you've heard of it, any warrior of noble right knows of the ogre's prize." Of course, I hadn't heard anything about it, but I let on that I did. "Some wild mage of steel and iron tells us that he can make a device using it that would change our lives forever. He offered a sum that was too good to pass up, so we've decided to do the impossible and fetch it for him from the hands of that creature." The impossible? These guys must be new around here. And mage of steel and iron? I imagine he's talking of an engineer -- these Men of the Light need to get with the times. I continued to nod halfheartedly until I heard those magic words: "We could use a warrior such as yourself to absorb the heavy blows that his minions possess -- our gift of Light will keep you healthy and safe. We'll split the sum." Money, well, now he's talking my language.

We set out towards the Ogre cave later that day, and we came across one of the perimeter guards.



I'd seen his kind before, to the eastern shore of Loch Modan, so his size had come to no surprise to me -- but my groupmates were terrified. I led the attack upon the simple minded fool, easily dodging or parrying the strikes he laid into us with his plank.

As we snuck into the cave in which Zzarc was last known to be inhabiting, the stench of rotted flesh and burning meat filled the air, and wafts of smoky gasses blurred our vision.



Meat hung from the celing off hooks as if being used as a warning to all who enter. Torchlight lit the halls, so we knew someone was home -- what, we didn't know. We moved deeper into the cave, when I spotted an ogre in the distance. This one was strange -- he bore a satchel and staff, unlike any ogre I had seen before. He almost looked... learned. But ogres possess half the brain of any normal humanoid, and could not possibly contain the intelligence to absorb the power of the arcane.

As we neared, he turned to face us, and we took alarm at what we saw. From his side profile in which we first saw him, we could see but the normal outline of a bloated, dimwitted ogre. This was no normal bloated, dimwitted ogre -- this one had two heads!



"Hah," I thought to myself -- leave it to the ogres to come up with the most rudimentary way of resolving their half-brained idiocy -- grow another head! I bust out into laughter, startling the ogre... that laughter quickly turned into a serious concern for my well being as the ogre's hand started to glow with the same piercing fire of the torch in his hand, and the ground below us burst into flame!

Instead of fleeing the fire as he most likely figured I'd do, I charged at the ogre magi with sword clenched tight. He began casting again, and as soon as his hands began to glow once more, I quickly pummeled his chest with quick strikes, forcing the magi to stumble in his casting. When the goliath recovered, he tried to run from my blade, but as soon as he turned his back to us, we struck him down with powerful blows. Heh, these ogres may have two heads, but they still have half a heart.



We spotted a cave with bags hanging from the walls, which looked as though they were crafted by human hands. Prizes, maybe booty that these ogres had stolen, and were giving it to their leader, perhaps. We went in to investigate and spotted two much larger ogres with sharp weaponry.



The three of us cut them down quickly, as the paladins provided us with Seals and auras that increased our might, making us killing machines. As we would draw a beast's attention up front, the rogue would sneak around back, utilizing his slice and dice to wittle away at his exposed... rear end. I guess the rogue can sometimes be as thankless a job as warrior after all. Ogre-ass can't possibly be something you want to be 1 foot away from, stabbing daggers into.

When we found what looked to be a throne room of sorts, the paladins quickly refreshed the holy seals they had placed upon us, renewing our vigor and holy might.



Once our strength had returned, we charged in. Suddenly the room filled with a dense smoke, nearly a fog, which glowed red from the torch lighting within. As we slowed our assault and peered into the mist, our vision filled with the sight of what seemed a large ogre midsection. We looked up to see the mighty Zzarc'Vul peering down at us, snarling the deep gutteral snarl of a hungry beast.



We stopped dead in our tracks, and the rogue dissipated into the cloudy ether. The towering beast snorted and sniffed a deep, long breath, nearly completely consuming the foggy air that was encircling us. As if identified by scent, the ogre turned around and struck down the rogue trying to sneak behind for a backstab. I lunged forward to draw his ire, and before I could even strike, the lumbering giant turned back around to me and charged at me with his elbow, flinging me backwards into the air! (By the way, I captured an AWESOME PIC of it! Check this out, you can see me getting knocked down, my head is the upside down helmet to the right of the shield. Great pic. :) )



The two paladins blessed their hammers with one quick prayer and bashed into Zzarc's sides, giving me ample time to rise back to my feet to face the ogre head on. He continued to knock me down, but his focus on me allowed the rogue to stab into the thick hide with his poisoned blades, mortally wounding the ogre lord.



When we bled him dry, we gathered the monocle and prepared to leave. Two warriors had heard the roar of their fallen leader, and by the time we were able to throw the orb into the satchel, they barreled down at us with their unholy strength.



We mauled our way through the guards one by one, trying to find a way out of this festering stinkhole ripe with the scent of ogre and burnt flesh, but kept getting lost within its smoky halls. Eventually, the smell of fresh air led us to the gaping maw of the cave's exit and we headed out, victorious.

Or, so we thought.

I ran out first, choking on the fresh air after having spent so long adjusting to the... fragrance of Odour du Ogre-Feces, completely unaware (and for the most part, unconcerned) about what lurked out front. Apparently, the ogres had reinforced their entrance, as two ogre warriors were alerted to my... suffocating presence and attacked.



My groupmates came to my aid and we took them down quickly, with the rogue sapping one of them into a deep sleep which allowed us to focus on one at a time. After the first fell, I gently woke up the second one by lunging my sword deep into its abdomen, which seemed to do the trick. It bellowed a moan that shook the earth below us and took a swing at my helmet with his blunt axe. My head began rattling, but my friends had the situation under control. The ogre attempted to make a run for it, but didn't get far.



More ogres approached, but we handled them just as easily.



We fled back to the "safety" of the road, its warm lantern lights a welcome glow compared to the ominous blood red of the torches before. As we sat down to catch our breaths, we heard in the distance a familiar shout. "Stitches! He approaches! A gift from the Embalmer!" I sighed deeply, looked down the road, and saw the ever-familiar shape of the rotund "gift" marching merrily along the path. "Screw that," I said, and ran far, far away.



Apparently Loengard and Maltrok got the memo about Stitches, as we all fled down our separate paths. I wish them luck in the future, as they were good friends... not to mention they pay well.

I decided to check on the various gravesites that I had buried the remains of the last Stitches to see if those wenches with shovels had unburied them and sold them back to whoever this Embalmer was. While I was waltzing through the haunted cemetary, I came across a rather peculiar grave marker up on a hill, outside the confines of the cemetary fences. It was strangely placed very close to the shack that the crazy old man, Abercrombie, lived in... perhaps it was a relation of his.



Either way, it looked as though it was freshly dug up. I shrugged it off, figuring those wreched grave robbers hit it up for loot, but it still seemed very peculiar that such a grave would be so far from the cemetary. It certainly didnt seem like it belonged here in the first place.

I kept the location in mind and headed back to Darkshire a few silver richer, and set out to find a group that would be able to help me slay Stalvan. 	 
  	-- posted on Tuesday 30th of March 2004 08:22:13 PM