Lordaeron, the once ill begotten city of the Human Alliance. It is now merely standing rubble, disguising the true beauty of our Under City. From the outside you see a shell of a broken land, and a single moat of slime protecting the inner entrance to the old throne room.



I was home… for a short time. Although I was gone for merely a day, I learned much in my travels. I was no longer limited to the concerns of Tristfall Glades, I wanted to explain my findings to my master below.



After I handed him the ingredients for his plague, he gave an ill smile in return. He somehow seemed to know what I would say to him. Before I could ask him about the troubles of Silverpine, he informed me that I was reassigned to it. That he had observed me in combat, and decided it was time for me to join the war down south.

Upon hearing his words, my spine shook a little. For although I wished to aide our warriors in battle, I had not realized that I would have to be right there beside them, fighting for my own survival while also fighting for our survival as a race.



My instructions were to seek out Shadow Priest Allister at the Speculcher, our graveyard hideout in Silverpine. I took another bat ride from the Under City to reach it with haste. When I arrived, I found Allister standing by a larger grave. The Priest looked battle hardened, and seemed to look distressed at the sight of me. He claimed he found stronger looking bones in the graves below us, and returned to staring blankly at the one which stood before him.

The words from our Priest did not sit well with me. I informed him that I was a Priest of the Forsaken, like him, and I did not wish to waste our time bickering about how strong I appeared. I informed him of my last mission here, of the others I aided in battle, and that I knew full well what I was getting into.

It was then that he finally looked up from the grave to which he was watching. He laughed at the notion that I knew anything about what lay before me, and pointed toward the south. Ambermill is where he wanted me to go, a mighty stronghold for the protectors of Dalaran, and the sight of unusual magical activity. I was to gather certain magical pendants, along with scouting the area for anything I could discover.



While on the road to Ambermill, I realized I had a problem, and knew now why the Priest did not look kindly upon me. Giant bears, who I had angered with my slaughter of their younger brothers the day before, came out and gave me a beating like none I had seen before. If a mere creature of the forest gave me so much trouble, Allister realized I would be slaughtered by the humans to the south.



The thought of failure was not in my mind… I needed both a stronger weapon and an ally to join me on this task. I returned to the Speculcher and bought a long staff, which was far more formidable in combat than my small mace. With a new staff, combined with my magic, I knocked down even the most giant bears into submission. The creatures of the forest were mine to hunt, and so my focus turned to the Dalaran Mages.

I was on the edge of Ambermill, overlooking the buildings surrounding it. There was a great host of activity at the mill, even the air around me felt disturbed by whatever magical energies lay waiting inside. My demise would have been certain had it not been for the distance I kept. Strangely enough, it appeared as those the mages of Dalaran were in a defensive position, placing many of their lower ranking members on the edges of the mill. These weaker mages, I believed, were my one chance a striking a glimpse into whatever relics they held.

Footsteps were then heard from behind me. I spun around quickly, ready to strike, when to my surprise I saw a warrior of our kind. We greeted and joined together, both on a mission to claim whatever we could off the weaker humans.



The two of us snuck around the outer buildings, completely out of sight from our prey. It was in the front lawn of a house that we first made our strike. Two mages, completely caught be surprise fell without hassle. No one else in the area was alerted by their struggle. I had obtained two pendants from them, interesting objects, the sort of stuff which Allister wanted to see.

We needed more items from the mages, so we entered the house we had just battled in front of. Inside the first floor were two more mages. They did not appear happy to see us entering their relatively “secure” location, and it did not take long for us to ease their pain.



Upstairs was dark and unwelcoming. It seemed strange that anyone would stay up there in such conditions. We found another mage, this one more powerful than the others. His flames burned us, and caused wounds that required my touch to repair in battle. A clash of magic and will power shook up the area. When all was finished I was glad to have dispatched the others surrounding the house. For if we had not dealt with those first, the battle upstairs would have been our last.



When we took a look outside, the warrior spotted a sentry sitting atop a hill with a windmill on it. He rushed her quickly, and swept her off her feet. The knock stunned her long enough for me to march in and start wailing my staff. It almost felt cruel to be slaughtering one so helpless, yet we knew she would have summoned the entire mill on top of us if we had not stopped her.

I decided a long time ago that there were no innocents upon the field of battle. If there were any living in our lands, they would pay dearly for it. Perhaps even those I slay, might be reanimated to aide us in our struggle. Either way, I was determined to act out our cause with whatever the cost to others. There were no feelings as we hunted these humans, I just kept reminding myself about the task at hand.

By this point I had gathered four pendants, and only needed two more to please Allister. We marched forward through a tree line and some bushes, bringing us closer to another home. A mage ran into us, and thought we were easy prey. His burning flames ignited our resolve, and in one quick series of blows we brought him down.



Of all the items we gathered from Ambermill, the one that caught my eye the most was the robe which that mage wore. It had a thick lining and magical properties to it. I claimed it for my own regardless of the ill color it bore. If anything, I thought the robe was a symbol of the Dalaran mages the warrior and myself had slain.



As we approached the next home it appeared empty. We came out from the tree line and headed straight for the door. It was then, as we were walking in the open, that three mages sprang their trap upon us, and alerted all of Ambermill to our presence. The air around us turned red, and we had to battle while being burned to ashes by the stronger mage.

It was a bloody fight, and it took us some time to finish off all three of them. However, as soon as we finished we knew we had to run back to the forest, we could hear the sound of countless humans rushing toward us to put down our assault. It was time for us to make an escape after we looted the pendants off the bodies of the fallen.



We ran across the main road and got stopped by a patrol. Not wanting to delay any further, my ally smashed the ground with a thunderous clap. It stunned the guards long enough to make our escape from the perimeter of Ambermill. It was a close call, had we been stopped and forced into combat, the incoming mages from behind would have certainly slaughtered us.

I found it some work to mend our wounds, and rest was what we needed. Yet I could not rest, I had to report back my findings to Allister at the Speculcher. The warrior and I parted ways, he was heading to a human settlement called Pyrewood, and recommended it if I wanted more action. With our disturbance of Ambermill, it would not be safe to return there soon.



When I found Allister, he was still standing before the larger grave stone. This time he took note of my approach and even appeared pleased by the sight of the robe and staff I had obtained. The first thing he told me, was that he did not expect me to survive. When I turned in the pendants he returned to me a shadow wand. He explained how few assault the Ambermill and come back, so he decided I had earned the weapon of power, which only us Priests may wield with shadow magic.



After further examination of the pendants, Allister looked even more distressed than when we first met. I learned of an Archmage in Ambermill, who leads the humans there, and of his plans for Silverpine forest which were revealed by the pendants magical properties. Allister entrusted me with a new task, I must return to Abmermill and through sheer force, battle my way to the Archmage, and then slay him.

This appears a daunting task, with my assault having stirred their defenses, I fear I may not be able to return until I have both gained in strength and devised a plan capable of toppling the Ambermill defenses. As I sit here in the Speculcher, writing to you now, I look toward a dangerous and uncertain future.

	 
  	-- posted on Thursday 29th of April 2004 04:48:58 PM