2,"Sharptalon's Claw","The mighty hippogryph Sharptalon has been slain, with the claw of the felled beast serving as a testament to your victory.  Senani Thunderheart at the Splintertree Post will no doubt be interested in seeing this trophy as proof of your deeds.","Bring Sharptalon's Claw to Senani Thunderheart at Splintertree Post, Ashenvale.","Most impressive, $N... the claw of Sharptalon could not have been easy to get!  The Ashenvale Hunt goes well for you!$B$BSharptalon had long terrorized the peons from the lumber camps near its path as they tried to travel here to Splintertree Post.  No doubt once the word gets out that it was you who put down the beast, many rousing songs of your bravery will be heard at campfires and lumber mills across Ashenvale!","","","","",""
5,"Jitters' Growling Gut","I've been stuck hiding in this ghost town for weeks, and I haven't eaten anything but grubs and weeds!  I need some decent food, and I'm willing to trade well for it.$B$BBring me a feast and I'll pay you handsomely.$B$BI heard Chef Grual at the Scarlet Raven Tavern in Darkshire makes very good Dusky Crab Cakes...","Speak with Chef Grual.","You need some Crab Cakes, do you? Well I might be able to cook some up for you...","","","","",""
6,"Bounty on Garrick Padfoot","Garrick Padfoot - a cutthroat who's plagued our farmers and merchants for weeks - was seen at a shack near the vineyards, which lies east of the Abbey and across the bridge.  Bring me the villain's head, and earn his bounty!$B$BBut be wary, $N.  Garrick has gathered a gang of thugs around him.  He will not be an easy man to reach.","Kill Garrick Padfoot and bring his head to Deputy Willem at Northshire Abbey.","Hah - you caught him!  You've done Elwynn a great service, and earned a nice bounty!","","","","",""
7,"Kobold Camp Cleanup","Your first task is one of cleansing, $N.  A clan of kobolds have infested the woods to the north.  Go there and fight the kobold vermin you find.  Reduce their numbers so that we may one day drive them from Northshire.","Kill 7 Kobold Vermin, then return to Marshal McBride.","Well done, citizen.  Those kobolds are thieves and cowards, but in large numbers they pose a threat to us.  And the humans of Stormwind do not need another threat.$B$BFor defeating them, you have my gratitude.","","","","",""
8,"A Rogue's Deal","Hey, mate! Do a favor for a young man who's been fighting more than his fair share of mindless zombies and spiders?$B$BI got this here letter that needs to go to Brill... to an innkeeper named Renee something-or-other. Don't really matter none what her last name is.$B$BAnyway, it's a nice cozy little place full of victims of the plague trying to make their way in the world. And it be a great spot for you to rest too if the need arises. You should check it out... you do and I'll pay you well.","Deliver the Nondescript Letter to Innkeeper Renee in Tirisfal Glades.","Oh? A letter? Wonderful news! I've been waiting on word from my dear old mother in Deathknell. Such a saint, she is. I wonder how she's holding up.$B$BWhat? Too cheery? Not buying it, are you?$B$BWell, get lost then... it's really no business who the letter's from anyway. Go on! Get lost!$B$BCome back when you've got some coin to spend... loafer.$B$BNext thing you know, you'll be coming back to rest after a long days adventure or some stupid thing like that.","","","","",""
9,"The Killing Fields","Look at what has happened to this place!  These lands were once occupied by good farm folk.  But the damned thieves have driven them all off.  Not me, though!  But it seems some Harvest Watchers have taken over the fields.$b$bIf you're up for the work, I'd like you to go out and kill twenty of them.  Come back when you're done for your pay.  If you finish up with the ones in my field, clear them from the neighboring fields as well.","Farmer Saldean wants you to kill 20 Harvest Watchers.","Good work, friend. You have earned your pay well. Who knows, perhaps Westfall will prosper once again.","","","","",""
10,"The Scrimshank Redemption","Oh, this is just terrible!  I sent out my top assistant, Junior Surveyor Scrimshank, into the desert southeast of here.  That's an area we call the Gaping Chasm.  Well, he's gone missing, and his last report had more of those weird bugs where he was.  Could it be that they've infested two major regions of the desert now?$B$BI need you to head into the Gaping Chasm and look for Scrimshank, please!  That... or at least find his surveying equipment.  I fear that may be all that is left of the poor sod.","Discover the fate of Junior Surveyor Scrimshank, and bring either him or his surveying equipment to Senior Surveyor Fizzledowser in Gadgetzan.","He was a good goblin, young Scrimshank.  Let's hope that his demise was not in vain by what he was able to record with his surveying equipment.$B$BIt seems as though we have quite the situation on our hands here with these bugs.  They're way too cunning for their own good, and the research we've done so far is shaping up to indicate that they might even be under the controlling influence of a third party!  If this is the case, then it bodes ill for not only Gadgetzan, but the whole desert!","","","","",""
11,"Riverpaw Gnoll Bounty","Gnolls, brutish creatures with no decent business in these lands,  have been seen along the borders of Elwynn Forest.  A large pack of them, many more than we can handle alone, have infested the woods south of the guard tower yonder.$B$BThe Stormwind Army will commend whomever helps kill them.  Bring me their painted gnoll armbands as proof of your deed.","Bring 8 Painted Gnoll Armbands to Deputy Rainer at the Barracks.","I see you've been busy!  You have our thanks, $N.","","","","",""
12,"The People's Militia","The People's Militia has but one goal:  To defend the lands of Westfall and return peace to our surroundings.  Unfortunately, the price of peace is often blood. $b$bOne of my scouts has brought word of a band of Defias Trappers wreaking havoc nearby.  I have reports of Defias Trapper sightings near the Jangolode Mine to the Northwest. If you seek to join our ranks, slay 20 Defias Trappers and return to me.","Gryan Stoutmantle wants you to kill 20 Defias Trappers and return to him on Sentinel Hill.","Well done, $N. My scout witnessed your valiant acts. You are proving yourself quite well so far.","","","","",""
13,"The People's Militia","A band of vicious Defias Pillagers has been seen plundering the Gold Coast Quarry as well as Moonbrook.  The People's Militia will not stand for such behavior.  Dispatch immediately, $n, and make the Light's presence known in Westfall.$b$bThe Gold Coast Quarry is near the shore, to the West of the tower.  As the next step of your training, I want you to kill 20 of those foul Defias Pillagers.","Gryan Stoutmantle wants you to kill 20 Defias Pillagers and return to him on Sentinel Hill.","Your worth to The People's Militia has been validated by your brave acts thus far.","","","","",""
14,"The People's Militia","Some Defias Highwaymen have eluded us.  My most trusted scout reports that these Defias Highwaymen have been looting and pillaging the countryside, all the way into Southern Westfall.  We believe they are hiding out in the Southern Hills, plotting their next move.   Slay 20 of the wretches in the name of The People's Militia.","Gryan Stoutmantle wants you to kill 20 Defias Highwaymen and return to him on Sentinel Hill.","When I left the tainted lands of Lordaeron I returned to a grim state of affairs here in my homeland. But there is hope for Westfall yet. As proven by your valor in battle, it is obvious to me that you serve our cause with honor. It is with great pride that I induct thee into The People's Militia. May the Light shine upon you.","","","","",""
15,"Investigate Echo Ridge","$N, my scouts tell me that the kobold infestation is larger than we had thought.  A group of kobold workers has moved into the Echo Ridge Mine to the north.$B$BGo to the mine and remove them.  We know there are at least 10.  Kill them, see if there are more, then report back to me.","Kill 10 Kobold Workers, then report back to Marshal McBride.","I don't like hearing of all these kobolds in our mine.  No good can come of this.  Here, take this as payment, and when you're ready, speak to me again.  I would like you to go back to the mines one more time...","","","","",""
16,"Give Gerard a Drink","","","Thanks, $N!  And come back if you want to trade again.","","","","",""
17,"Uldaman Reagent Run","I've heard about a newly discovered plant called the magenta fungus caps.  They grow in clusters, deep in the Uldaman dig site; they may be elsewhere, but for now that's the only place I know they're at.  I want to study their potential use in alchemy, and that's where you come in.$B$BFind the magenta cap clusters and bring me a dozen caps.  Be warned, the clusters may spew out poison spores if jostled.$B$BDo this for me, and I'll whip up a batch of one of my famous restorative elixirs for you!","Bring 12 Magenta Fungus Caps to Ghak Healtouch in Thelsamar.","Well done $N, you've proven your worth once again! The caps will be an interesting study, yon verily!$B$BAnd now, as promised, enjoy a taste of one of my more potent restorative brews from my personal stock...$B$BIf you are a skilled alchemist, then perhaps we might have some additional business to conduct. Regardless, I thank you for your assistance!","","","","",""
18,"Brotherhood of Thieves","Recently, a new group of thieves has been hanging around Northshire.  They call themselves the Defias Brotherhood, and have been seen across the river to the east.$B$BI don't know what they're up to, but I'm sure it's not good!  Bring me the bandanas they wear, and I'll reward you with a weapon.","Bring 12 Red Burlap Bandanas to Deputy Willem outside the Northshire Abbey.","Back with some bandanas, I see.  The Stormwind Army appreciates your help.","","","","",""
19,"Tharil'zun","Blackrock Outrunners and Renegades are running ambushes between here and Stonewatch Keep.  The leader of the Outrunners is an orc named Tharil'zun--we want this orc.  Bring me the head of Tharil'zun!","Bring Tharil'zun's Head to Marshal Marris in Redridge.","Tharil'zun was a vicious, crafty orc. Well done - I'm sure he didn't go down easy. Here is your reward, $N.","","","","",""
20,"Blackrock Menace","The Blackrock orcs have travelled from the Burning Steppes and claimed Stonewatch Keep to the north.  From there they maraud the areas north of Lakeshire and keep its citizens in town, penned like cattle.$B$BHelp rid Lakeshire of this menace.  Kill these Blackrock orcs and bring me ten of their Battleworn Axes as proof.$B$BAnd although Blackrocks threaten us from the north, we've received reports of more in the southeastern pocket of Redridge.  If you find any there, then they too should be hunted.","Bring 10 Battleworn Axes to Marshal Marris in Lakeshire.","That makes for a lot fewer orcs to worry about, thanks.","","","","",""
21,"Skirmish at Echo Ridge","Your previous investigations are proof that the Echo Ridge Mine needs purging.  Return to the mine and help clear it of kobolds.$B$BWaste no time, $N.  The longer the kobolds are left unmolested in the mine, the deeper a foothold they gain in Northshire.","Kill 12 Kobold Workers and 8 Kobold Laborers, then return to Marshal McBride at Northshire Abbey.","Once again, you have earned my respect, and the gratitude of the Stormwind Army.  There may yet be kobolds in the mine, but I will marshal others against them.  We have further tasks for you.","","","","",""
22,"Goretusk Liver Pie","The onions are peeled.  The garlic is minced.  The rosemary is crushed.  The crust has been baked.  The dill weed is chopped.  The gravy is simmering.  Now all I need for my famous meat pie are 10 Goretusk Livers!","Salma Saldean needs 10 Goretusk livers to make a Goretusk Liver Pie.","These are just perfect, $N! Thank you so much. Farmer Saldean and I are going to feast tonight. And here is a little something for you, for the hard work. You didn't think I was going to let a $C like you go hungry, did you?","","","","",""
23,"Ursangous's Paw","The paw of the mighty bear Ursangous is your trophy for this part of the Ashenvale Hunt.  On the paw is a small quarter-crescent emblem; the significance of the emblem remains a mystery.$B$BThe paw should be brought to Senani Thunderheart in Splintertree Post to prove that you have bested the mighty creature and completed this portion of the hunt.","Bring Ursangous's Paw to Senani Thunderheart at Splintertree Post, Ashenvale.","Ah, the paw of Ursangous!  Your skill is impressive, $c; he is credited with numerous kills.  The crescent on his paw is no doubt a sign that he was trained by the night elves that skulk about Ashenvale.  Ursangous is... was one of the mightiest bears you'd find in these parts.  To have bested such a creature is a testament to your will and resolve.$B$BYour ancestors would be proud!","","","","",""
24,"Shadumbra's Head","The once swift Shadumbra now lies still as you claim victory over it.  The head of the slain nightsaber is a fitting trophy for this fight of the Ashenvale Hunt.  Senani Thunderheart at Splintertree Post will want to see such a trophy to award you credit for this part of the Ashenvale Hunt.","Bring Shadumbra's Head to Senani Thunderheart at Splintertree Post, Ashenvale.","A victory for $N in the Ashenvale Hunt!  Well done - the head of Shadumbra is a fitting trophy to claim for such an impressive fight, no doubt.$B$BShadumbra's savagery was well known throughout the post here.  Any trip to the west, especially on foot trying to get out to the Zoram Strand, was wrought with danger because of this tiger.  Thanks to you, this danger has abated.","","","","",""
25,"Stonetalon Standstill","If you want to be useful, then why don't you do something about the situation near Talondeep Path?$B$BThe transports between Ashenvale and Stonetalon are at a standstill because of the lake coming alive and attacking anything that gets close... which means anyone on the path.  What'd be even more useful than just putting the hammer down on the water elementals there is someone scouting the gazebo on Mystral Lake - the one that has a solid view of the Alliance outpost there.$B$BYou up for being useful?","Dispatch 12 Befouled Water Elementals at Mystral Lake, due east of the Talondeep Path and southwest of Splintertree Post.$B$BScout the gazebo on Mystral Lake that overlooks the nearby Alliance outpost.$B$BReturn to Mastok Wrilehiss at Splintertree Post, Ashenvale.","Yeah, I heard that someone tore up the lake out there like a dust devil through the Barrens.  From the sound of it too, we might be able to set up a possible observation area out there to keep an eye on our Alliance friends.  Well, that is if we can keep it on the down low...$B$BLooks like you ended up being quite useful after all; the transports between here and Stonetalon should have an easier time of it.  Take this - you've earned it.","Scout the gazebo on Mystral Lake that overlooks the nearby Alliance outpost.","","","",""
26,"A Lesson to Learn","$N, I have been following your progress with much delight.  You are most assuredly developing yourself into a valued protector of nature.$B$BThe time has come for you to learn more about one of the various animal aspects that Cenarius has blessed us with the ability to change into - one that affords you command and mastery of the water.  For this, you must travel to the village of Nighthaven in Moonglade and speak with Dendrite Starblaze of the Cenarion Circle there.  He will guide you further.","Speak with Dendrite Starblaze in the village of Nighthaven, Moonglade.","Salutations, young $C; the time has come for you to know our aquatic form. It is one that lets you move freely and indefinitely through water. You will find this aspect a useful tool and a blessing... but it is one that must be earned before it is mastered.$B$BYou will face two trials to overcome. The first will test your ability to work in water under pressure. The second will test your resolve to understand the aspects of the form itself.$B$BStand ready, as the time of testing is now upon us.","","","","",""
27,"A Lesson to Learn","$N, I have been following your progress with much delight.  You are most assuredly developing yourself into a valued protector of nature.$B$BThe time has come for you to learn more about one of the various animal aspects that Cenarius has blessed us with the ability to change into - one that affords you command and mastery of the water.  For this, you must travel to the village of Nighthaven in Moonglade and speak with Dendrite Starblaze of the Cenarion Circle there.  He will guide you further.","Speak with Dendrite Starblaze in the village of Nighthaven, Moonglade.","Salutations, young $C; the time has come for you to know our aquatic form. It is one that lets you move freely and indefinitely through water. You will find this aspect a useful tool and a blessing... but it is one that must be earned before it is mastered.$B$BYou will face two trials to overcome. The first will test your ability to work in water under pressure. The second will test your resolve to understand the aspects of the form itself.$B$BStand ready, as the time of testing is now upon us.","","","","",""
28,"Trial of the Lake","For your first trial, search the depths of Lake Elune'ara to locate a Shrine Bauble.  It decays rapidly, so proceed with it to the Shrine of Remulos post haste.  Use the bauble at the shrine, and then speak with Tajarri there; she is one of Moonglade's most trusted wardens.$B$BYou only have a set amount of time to complete the task, and you may be competing against other druids searching for baubles themselves.  Mental and physical dexterity will be critical to your success.$B$BGood luck, $N.","Find a Shrine Bauble in Lake Elune'ara, and take it to the Shrine of Remulos in northwestern Moonglade.  Once there, use the Shrine Bauble.$B$BYou must speak with Tajarri at the shrine afterwards in order to complete the trial.","Well now. it looks like yet another druid has successfully completed the Trial of the Lake! Well done. my young friend - well done.$B$BAs I've said. my name is Tajarri. It is my duty and my privilege to serve as a warden for Moonglade. and specifically this shrine. Keeper Remulos guides the Cenarion Circle in preservation of nature and balance. and his shrine serves as a lasting tribute to such. By using the bauble here. it serves as a nod to the importance of this place within the Circle.","Complete the Trial of the Lake.","","","",""
29,"Trial of the Lake","For your first trial, search the depths of Lake Elune'ara to locate a Shrine Bauble.  It decays rapidly, so proceed with it to the Shrine of Remulos post haste.  Use the bauble at the shrine, and then speak with Tajarri there; she is one of Moonglade's most trusted wardens.$B$BYou only have a set amount of time to complete the task, and you may be competing against other druids searching for baubles themselves.  Mental and physical dexterity will be critical to your success.$B$BGood luck, $N.","Find a Shrine Bauble in Lake Elune'ara, and take it to the Shrine of Remulos in northwestern Moonglade.  Once there, use the Shrine Bauble.$B$BYou must speak with Tajarri at the shrine afterwards in order to complete the trial.","Well now. it looks like yet another druid has successfully completed the Trial of the Lake! Well done. my young friend - well done.$B$BAs I've said, my name is Tajarri. It is my duty and my privilege to serve as a warden for Moonglade, and specifically this shrine. Keeper Remulos guides the Cenarion Circle in preservation of nature and balance, and his shrine serves as a lasting tribute to such. By using the bauble here, it serves as a nod to the importance of this place within the Circle.","Complete the Trial of the Lake.","","","",""
30,"Trial of the Sea Lion","For the second trial, you'll need the two halves that make the Pendant of the Sea Lion.  One half draws power from the agility of the sea lion aspect, gliding through water; the other draws power from the incredible endurance of the sea lion aspect.  Druids draw on both these traits equally to embody the aspect of their aquatic form.$B$BSpeak with the locals of Moonglade to learn where the parts may lie, and bring both here to join them together.  Once formed, take the pendant to Dendrite Starblaze.","Find the Half Pendant of Aquatic Agility and the Half Pendant of Aquatic Endurance.  Speak with the residents of Moonglade to learn clues as to where these items may be located.$B$BForm the Pendant of the Sea Lion from the two pendant halves.  You need to be in proximity of the Shrine of Remulos to do this.$B$BBring the joined pendant to Dendrite Starblaze in the village of Nighthaven, Moonglade.","You've completed the Trial of the Sea Lion, $N - congratulations.$B$BEach task in acquiring the pendant shows that both agility and endurance are necessary to act in harmony with what you desire to do underwater. Neither can exist without the other, and both cannot be done without you willingness to embrace the aspect of the sea lion.$B$BRemember these lessons well, and count on them once you have gained your aquatic form.","","","","",""
31,"Aquatic Form","You have completed the necessary lessons all young druids are taught before they can adopt an aquatic aspect.  Go now back to your trainer, Turak Runetotem, in Thunder Bluff.  Show him your pendant and prove to him you are ready to learn what he has to teach you.  He will complete your training, allowing you to become one with the water.$B$BGoodbye, young druid.  We shall speak again.","Return to Thunder Bluff and show Turak Runetotem the Pendant of the Sea Lion.","Very impressive, $N. Your ancestors would be pleased with your progress! You're ready to learn your aquatic form, and it is my pleasure to teach it to you.$B$BAlso, in recognition of your achievement during the two trials, I give you this item. I hope you'll find it to be a welcome addition to your gear as a protector of nature and a keeper of the balance.","","","","",""
32,"Rise of the Silithid","Here's your report.  I urge you to take it to someone who might have working knowledge in this kind of thing.$B$BI know this troll scholar named Zilzibin Drumlore.  He's spent a lot of time studying life forms that are unique to the ecology of Azeroth; he's a historian to boot!  If you want someone to help figure out what exactly this threat is and how to stop it, give this report to him.  We're going to need all the help we can get.$B$BZil lives in a house on the second tier of the Drag in Orgrimmar.","Take the report to Zilzibin Drumlore in Orgrimmar.","This report... I've dealt with these beasts before.  Fizzledowser was wise to send this, and you, to me.$B$BThese creatures will consume the Tanaris desert rapidly; they are nothing short of one of the greatest menaces we all will ever face.  Familiarize yourself with this name, $n: silithid.  The insects mentioned here are the silithid, and they are the tools of one of the greatest threats that both the Horde and Alliance face.$B$BIf only we were smart enough to see that before.","","","","",""
33,"Wolves Across the Border","I hate those nasty timber wolves!  But I sure like eating wolf steaks...  Bring me tough wolf meat and I will exchange it for something you'll find useful.$B$BTough wolf meat is gathered from hunting the timber wolves and young wolves wandering the Northshire countryside.","Bring 8 pieces of Tough Wolf Meat to Eagan Peltskinner outside Northshire Abbey.","You've been busy!  I can't wait to cook up that wolf meat...$B$BI have some things here you might want - take your pick!","","","","",""
34,"An Unwelcome Guest","Once again my garden was trampled and pillaged.  And I know the brute who is doing it.  It's that forsaken boar, the one Marshal Marris has taken to calling Bellygrub.$b$bI won't be able to re-plant the daffodils until next season now.  Ruined!  All ruined by that one menacing boar.  Put an end to that pest!  Show me his tusk and I'd be happy to reward you.  He seems to spend his time foraging in the field southwest of Lakeshire but occasionally he roams over here and into my garden.","Martie Jainrose of Lakeshire wants you to kill Bellygrub.  Bring her his tusk as proof.","Finally the menace is laid to rest! Thank you, $N, you have done me a great service. The garden shall be in full bloom this season!","","","","",""
35,"Further Concerns","If you are concerned that the rumors of Murlocs are true, then do this -- travel to the eastern Elwynn bridge and speak with Guard Thomas.  He has been stationed at the bridge for the past week and will know the state of the area.$B$BBring me his report.","Marshal Dughan wants you to speak with Guard Thomas.","Yes, murlocs have settled in and around the streams of eastern Elwynn.  We don't know why they are here, but they are aggressive and at least semi-intelligent.","","","","",""
36,"Westfall Stew","I never thought the day would come when I'd leave the farm.  But the fields are overrun with thieves and it's far too dangerous for us here now.  As soon as Farmer Furlbrow gets the wagon fixed, we'll be on our way.  $b $bMaybe you could do me a favor?  Let me scribble down my recipe for Westfall stew.  Please take it to Salma Saldean over on the farm yonder.  The Saldean's farm is just beyond the fork in the road.","Verna Furlbrow wants you to deliver her recipe for Westfall Stew to Salma Saldean.","That Verna was always such a sweet lass.  We'll miss her here in Westfall but between you and me, she's a city girl at heart and Stormwind will suit her just fine.  But enough gossip!  Now we can make Westfall Stew!","","","","",""
37,"Find the Lost Guards","A few days ago we sent two Guards, Rolf and Malakai, to investigate along the river, and they have not yet returned.  To complete my report, I must know what happened to those men.$B$BTravel north along the river and find the guards... or their remains.","Guard Thomas wants you to travel north up the river and search for the two lost guards, Rolf and Malakai.","Although much has been stripped from the corpse, strewn nearby is a medallion with the words: \"Footman Malakai Stone\" etched upon it.","","","","",""
38,"Westfall Stew","Help me make some Westfall Stew!  Come back with the following ingredients: $b $b 3 Stringy Vulture Meat $b 3 Goretusk Snouts $b 3 Murloc Eyes $b 3 Okra","Salma Saldean wants 3 Stringy Vulture Meat, 3 Goretusk Snouts, 3 Murloc Eyes, 3 Okra.","That Okra will thicken up this broth nicely! Now we just add the Stringy Vulture Meat, a few Murloc Eyes and those delicious Goretusk Snouts. And we're done! For all your help, $N, I want you to take today's first batch of Westfall Stew!","","","","",""
39,"Deliver Thomas' Report","Tell Marshal Dughan of Malakai and Rolf's deaths, and report to him that the Murlocs in eastern Elwynn cannot be contained by our current troop presence.$B$BI know we don't have many troops to spare, but hopefully Dughan can find someone.","Report to Marshal Dughan in Goldshire.","Hmm, this news is troubling.  Already our defenses are stretched thin, and losing Rolf and Malakai to those murlocs put us in an even worse position.$B$BIf things don't improve, there will be fighting in Goldshire by the week's end!","","","","",""
40,"A Fishy Peril","$N, there's a new threat in Elwynn Forest!  Murlocs are swimming up the streams of eastern Elwynn, scaring away fish and attacking gentle folk!$B$BI warned Marshal Dughan, but he's more worried about the gnolls and the bandits.  he's not convinced that the Murlocs are a danger.$B$BPlease, $N, speak to Dughan and persuade him to send more troops to the east!","Remy \"Two Times\" wants you to speak with Marshal Dughan in Goldshire.","Yes, I spoke with Remy.  I respect him as a merchant, though all reports of Murlocs to the east have been sketchy at best.$B$BYour concerns are noted, but unless I receive a military report of a murloc threat, we can't afford to send more troops east.","","","","",""
45,"Discover Rolf's Fate","Upon further searching the area, you find webbed footprints leading east along the shore of Stone Cairn Lake.  In the distance to the east, you can just barely see a Murloc village.$B$BPerhaps Rolf's fate ended there...","Search the murloc village for Rolf, or signs of his death.","You find around the neck of the corpse a metal medallion inscribed with the words \"Footman Rolf Hartford.\"","","","","",""
46,"Bounty on Murlocs","The Stormwind Army has placed a bounty on murloc lurkers and foragers in Elwynn.  Slaughter them and bring me their torn murloc fins, and the Stormwind Army will reward you well.$B$BThe murlocs have built a village at Stone Cairn Lake north of here, and another to the south where the stream forks.","Bring 8 Torn Murloc Fins to Guard Thomas at the east Elwynn bridge.","You have the fins?  Great!  Marshal Dughan is anxious about the Murloc situation in eastern Elwynn, and I'd like to tell him that it's becoming under control.$B$BYour actions have helped realize that.","","","","",""
47,"Gold Dust Exchange","The Kobolds in these parts sometimes carry Gold Dust on them.  I could really use the stuff - bring me a load of it and I'll give you the best price in town...best price in town!","Bring 10 Gold Dust to Remy \"Two Times\" in Goldshire.  Gold Dust is gathered from Kobolds in Elwynn Forest.","Thanks for the dust, $N.  Here's your cash, and...here is a token from associates of mine.  You might find it useful...useful.","","","","",""
48,"Sweet Amber","In the land to the south where vines twist and creep$bLies a hidden well where the water runs deep$bPure as the Light's sacred Daughter$bBring to me now some Holy Spring Water.","Bring Holy Spring Water to Grimbooze Thunderbrew.","Hiccup! Ho Ho!","","","","",""
49,"Sweet Amber","Amber is the hue of my life's longest love$bLike the last embers of dusk in the sky above$bRetrieve for me so that my love shall be born$bOne sack of each: barley, rye and corn.","Grimbooze Thunderbrew wants a Sack of Barley, a Sack of Rye and a Sack of Corn.","Hiccup! Ho ho!","","","","",""
50,"Sweet Amber","I'll mix and mix till we have a mash$bFor this will be our own private stash$bA still must be fashioned of metal strong$bBring me some Truesilver so I can finish this song.","Grimbooze Thunderbrew wants Truesilver.","Hiccup! Ho ho!","","","","",""
51,"Sweet Amber","Not yet filtered but freshly distilled$bLike unseeded land waiting there tilled.$bNext I will fashion our pile of charcoal$bDeliver a sycamore branch, that is your next goal.","Bring a Sycamore Branch to Grimbooze Thunderbrew.","Hiccup! Ho ho!","","","","",""
52,"Protect the Frontier","Hail, $N.  Wild animals are growing more and more aggressive the farther we get from Goldshire, and the Eastvale Logging Camp suffers nearly constant attacks from wolves and bears!$B$BWe could use your help out here.","Kill 8 Prowlers and 5 Young Forest Bears, and then return to Guard Thomas at the east Elwynn bridge.","Thanks a lot for the help, $N.  Something in the forest must be making these animals so bold.$B$BWhatever it is, I hope it stays there.","","","","",""
53,"Sweet Amber","Mellifluous liquid clear as a baby's tears$bTurns a lovely deep amber over the years$bBut before we proceed to get lit to the hilt$bA barrel of charred oak must be built.","Bring Grimbooze Thunderbrew a bundle of Charred Oak.","Aged in the barrel, filtered through coal$BIt passes your lips and right through your soul.$BSo lets us drink now, a toast to you$BAnd me while we're at it, Grimbooze Thunderbrew!","","","","",""
54,"Report to Goldshire","$N, you are a $c with proven interest in the security of Northshire.  You are now tasked with the protection of the surrounding Elwynn Forest.$B$BIf you accept this duty, then I have prepared papers that must be delivered to Marshal Dughan in Goldshire.  Goldshire lies along the southern road, past the border gates.","Take Marshal McBride's Documents to Marshal Dughan in Goldshire.","Well, it says here that you've been awarded Acting Deputy Status with the Stormwind Marshals.  Congratulations.$B$BAnd good luck - keeping Elwynn safe is no picnic... what with most the army busy doing who knows what for who knows which noble!$B$BIt's hard to keep track of politics in these dark days...","","","","",""
55,"Morbent Fel","Morbent Fel hides in his lair, the house perched atop the hill to the east overlooking the Raven Hill cemetery.  His time in this land is drawing to an end...$B$BUse Morbent's Bane against him.  It will render his protective magics powerless.$B$BSlay him.  Slay him, and save us from his wickedness.  Be the instrument of my revenge, and a hero of Duskwood!","Use Morbent's Bane on Morbent Fel, kill Morbent Fel, then return Morbent's Bane to Sven at his camp.","Morbent Fel has been defeated. The dark riders are still at large, but a small piece of that which I had hoped beyond hope has come to pass.$b$bYou have done the impossible, and your deeds will forever live in the legends of Duskwood.$b$bGo, $N. And perhaps, one day, fate may bring you back to me...","","","","",""
56,"The Night Watch","As Commander of The Night Watch it is my sworn duty to protect the citizens of Darkshire.  Stormwind has retracted their commissioned guards from their posts here, leaving us to our own devices.$b$bIf you feel worthy of the task, we need your help! Assist The Night Watch by venturing forth into Tranquil Gardens, just south of Darkshire, and slaying 8 Skeletal Warriors and 6 Skeletal Mages.  The undead threat must be thwarted!","Commander Althea Ebonlocke of Darkshire wants you to kill 8 Skeletal Warriors and 6 Skeletal Mages.","Splendid, $N. For your service to the people of Darkshire you shall be rewarded.","","","","",""
57,"The Night Watch","$N, I'm getting reports of an undead infestation in the forest!  If you're up to the job, journey to the Raven Hill graveyard and slay 15 of those vile Skeletal Fiends and 15 Skeletal Horrors.  There are also reports of skeletons just south of Darkshire, in and around Tranquil Gardens Cemetery.  The undead must be driven from Duskwood!","Commander Althea Ebonlocke of Darkshire wants you to kill 15 Skeletal Fiends and 15 Skeletal Horrors.","The people of Darkshire thank you, $N. You have proven yourself to be a great ally of The Night Watch.","","","","",""
58,"The Night Watch","The situation in Raven Hill is still grim.  The safety of Darkshire is in your hands, $N.  I don't have enough Watchers to keep the town safe.  We need you to dispatch for Raven Hill yet again and rid the eastern mausoleum of 20 Plague Spreaders!","Commander Althea Ebonlocke of Darkshire wants you to kill 20 Plague Spreaders in the eastern Raven Hill mausoleum.","On behalf of the people of Darkshire and as the Leader of the Night Watch, I thank you, $N, for your bravery and dedication. May the Light shine upon your ways.","","","","",""
59,"Cloth and Leather Armor","For your shrewdness and valor, I have a marker here that is good for one piece of armor.  I want you to take it to Sara Timberlain at the Eastvale Logging Camp.  Give her the marker, and she will fashion the armor for you.  And after you receive it, $N, use it in the defense of Elwynn.$B$BThe Eastvale Logging Camp is beyond Guard Thomas' post to the east.","Give Sara Timberlain the Stormwind Armor Marker.","Ah, thank you for the marker.  Please feel free to pick your choice of armor.$B$BLuck to you, brave $c.  And may this armor serve you well.","","","","",""
60,"Kobold Candles","Hello, $ggood sir:my lady;!  Do you have a moment?$B$BMy brother and I run an apothecary in Stormwind, and I'm here to gather large candles for their wax.  Can you help me?$B$BYou can get large candles from kobolds, and I hear rumors that kobolds are infesting the Elwynn mines ... the Fargodeep mine to the south and Jasperlode Mine to the east.  I suggest looking for candles in one of those places.","Bring 8 Large Candles to William Pestle in Goldshire.","You were busy hunting kobolds, were you?  Thanks for the candles, $N, and here's your reward...","","","","",""
61,"Shipment to Stormwind","My brother Morgan is waiting in Stormwind for my shipment of candles.  I don't have enough time to make the trip myself, but if you'd like to take him the shipment, he'll pay you well.$B$BI've packed up the candles, and you can find Morgan in our shop, Pestle's Apothecary, in the Stormwind Trade District.","Bring William's Shipment to Morgan Pestle in the Stormwind Trade District.","Here is your payment ... and while you're here, take a look around!  I'm sure we have a potion or other trinket you'd find useful.","","","","",""
62,"The Fargodeep Mine","The mine in Northshire isn't the only one with problems!  I have reports that the Fargodeep Mine in Elwynn has also become a haven for Kobolds.$B$BExplore the mine and confirm these reports, then return to me.  The mine is almost due south of Goldshire, between the Stonefield and Maclure homesteads.","Explore the Fargodeep Mine, then return to Marshal Dughan in Goldshire.","This is bad news.  What's next, dragons?!?  We'll have to increase our patrols near that mine.  Thanks for your efforts, $N.  And hold a moment... I might have another task for you.","Scout through the Fargodeep Mine","","","",""
63,"Call of Water","Along the coast of Silverpine, west of the Sepulcher, you will find a shrine that has become tainted by the plague. The spirits there no longer speak to our people and it will be up to you to defeat the manifestation and cleanse the pool.$B$BTake the elemental's bracers, along with the remaining drops of Brine's potion, and place them on the brazier. The ritual should be enough to summon a pure spirit for you to communicate with.$B$BBring me proof the task is done, and I will reward you with your totem.","Defeat the Corrupt Manifestation of Water and place the Corrupted Manifestation's Bracers along with the Remaining Drops of Purest Water on the Brazier of Everfount in Silverpine Forest.","You place the bracers atop the brazier and then pour the remaining drops of Brine's potion into the flame. The drops crackle as they hit the flame and you begin to incant the simple words Islen taught you....","","","","",""
64,"The Forgotten Heirloom","It was horrible!  Verna woke me when she heard a ruckus in the fields.  The fields were full of hooligans.  We left in a rush and I forgot to pack my pocket watch.  Verna's pa gave me that watch on our wedding day and I feel just sick knowing those thieves have it.  I left the pocket watch in the wardrobe at the farmhouse.  Look for the field of pumpkins to the West -- you can't miss it.  If you bring it back to me, I'd sure be grateful!","Farmer Furlbrow wants you to retrieve his pocket watch from the wardrobe in his farmhouse at the pumpkin farm to the West.","My watch! Thank you so much, kind sir! $b$bWe are but poor farmers and we have lost our land but please accept this reward as a token of our appreciation.","","","","",""
65,"The Defias Brotherhood","The band of wretches responsible for driving the good people of Westfall from the land call themselves The Defias Brotherhood.  I need you to infiltrate this clan of thugs.  We need to know who heads up the cartel and where they are hiding out.  In Lakeshire, in the inn, there is a rogue by the name of Wiley who owes me a favor.$b$bTravel to Lakeshire in the Redridge Mountains, east of Elwynn, and find out what you can.","Gryan Stoutmantle wants you to talk to Wiley in Lakeshire.","So, Stoutmantle sent you? Well, I owe him.","","","","",""
66,"The Legend of Stalvan","Last night a horrible disturbance rippled through my veins.  I sensed that my granddaughter, Alyssa, was in great danger.  I consulted the cards and Death stared up at me from the table.$b$bAfter taking a long journey through a dark trance I was able to uncover a clue to this terrifying mystery.  A name came to me, the name of Stalvan.$b$bSeek out the Clerk in the Town Hall and see if you can find out more about this character.  I fear for us all.","Seek out the Clerk Daltry in the Darkshire Town Hall.","Ah so Madame Eva sent you....","","","","",""
67,"The Legend of Stalvan","Stalvan, eh?  Let me check the town registry.$b$bStalvan. . .Stalvan. . .let's see.  Ah, here we go!  I have a record of a Mr. Stalvan Mistmantle.  The last recorded address is the Moonbrook Schoolhouse.  My, talk about outdated!$b$bDo me a favor will you, friend?  If you happen to go out to Moonbrook, let me know if you get any update on this fellow.  I like to keep the records clean.","Travel to the Moonbrook Schoolhouse and bring back any updated information about Stalvan to Clerk Daltry.","The old footlocker creaks open. . . .","","","","",""
68,"The Legend of Stalvan","You find a Dusty Unsent Letter in the old footlocker.","Take the Dusty Unsent Letter to Clerk Daltry.","Interesting. So the chap did spend some time in Moonbrook after all. It is rather odd the letter never got delivered. Nonetheless, I shall update the registry.","","","","",""
69,"The Legend of Stalvan","Oh my!  Must have missed this the first time.  In the registry, right beneath the first address for Stalvan there's another one listed, only partially scratched out.  Looks like he was headed to The Lion's Pride Inn over in Goldshire.  Might want to check there, $N.","Go to The Lion's Pride Inn to see if anyone there has heard of the name Stalvan.","Stalvan? Sure sounds familiar.","","","","",""
70,"The Legend of Stalvan","The name Stalvan rings a bell.  I remember now.$b$bMany years back, on a stormy night, a messenger came in, seeking refuge for the night.  Near the stroke of midnight, the man ran down the stairs screaming, his face pale with fear.  Still wearing his bedclothes, he disappeared into the downpour.$b$bIn his haste he forgot his letters in the chest upstairs.  He never returned for them. One remains from that Stalvan fellow, intended for the Canal District in Stormwind.  Help yourself to it.","Retrieve Stalvan's Undelivered Letter from the chest and deliver it to the Canal District in Stormwind.","You've got some nerve bringing this here.","","","","",""
71,"Report to Thomas","Now that you have both medallions, deliver them to Guard Thomas at the bridge so that he might know the fate of his murdered guards.","Deliver Rolf and Malakai's Medallions to Guard Thomas at the eastern Elwynn bridge.","You have confirmed my fears, $N.  The murlocs are a threat we cannot ignore.","","","","",""
72,"The Legend of Stalvan","My father was the caretaker of the estate long before I was.  He had to mop the blood up after the massacre.  But that's neither here nor there.$b$bThe last funds of the Flintridge trust have dried up.  Now the last of the family possessions are headed for auction.  Blame the tax vultures.  I guess if you're really itching to learn more you're free to look through this junk.  Who knows what you might find.","Search through the packed up possessions for a clue.","You slowly slide the lid of the crate off. . . .","","","","",""
74,"The Legend of Stalvan","Inside the crate you find various objects: musty heirlooms, a family portrait, a few hunting trophies and some old books.  Near the bottom, underneath a ceramic vase, you uncover A Torn Journal Page.","The Torn Journal page you discovered provides your next clue.","I can barely make out those letters. But that writing style reminds me of something I once saw before my vision became so poor.","","","","",""
75,"The Legend of Stalvan","There was a bundle of parchments in the chest upstairs when I moved into this place.  I looked at them once when I first arrived but I gave up once the fog hazed over my peepers. $b$bDo an old, nearly-blind man a favor and check the chest upstairs for anything that might help you in your quest to discover more about this Stalvan character.  I'm pretty sure there's a faded journal page that might be of interest to you.  Bring it to me and I'll help in anyway I can.","Marshal Haggard wants you to check the chest upstairs for the Faded Journal Page.","You found it!","","","","",""
76,"The Jasperlode Mine","Thanks to you we know the Fargodeep Mine is infested with kobolds.  Now we need a scout to investigate the more distant Jasperlode Mine.$B$BExplore Jasperlode and confirm any kobold presence.  To reach the mine, travel east along the road until you reach the Tower of Azore.  From the tower, head north and you'll find the mine in the foothills.","Explore the Jasperlode Mine, then report back to Marshal Dughan in Goldshire.","Kobolds at the Jasperlode Mine, you say?  Curses!  The situation is worsening by the minute!$B$BThank you for the report, $N.  But I wish that the news you brought was good news.","Scout through the Jasperlode Mine","","","",""
77,"A Sticky Situation","I possess original packaging materials for the ripple Dran Droffers seeks.  I will assist you in packaging the ripple for Malton's abrasive father... for a fee of two additional bottles of said ripple.  They are located in crates found in the abandoned Horde base near Skulk Rock.$B$BIt will be an arduous task, to wit; foul slimes and oozes will be found sticking to the ruins; rumor has it they are led by some sort of master ooze.  Regardless, procure the ripple and return to me here for packaging.","Recover 10 bottles of Hinterlands Honey Ripple from the crates located around the abandoned Horde base in Skulk Rock.","Finely executed, $n.  I am glad you had enough foresight not to bruise the delicacy of the ripple.  There is nothing worse than the bouquet of ripple that has been jostled about needlessly.$B$BIt will take a moment for the magic to be wrought over this precious cargo.  Actually, no magic is involved; I merely have some empty packaging for Hinterlands Honey Ripple.  Our chicanery shall turn these bottles into an alcoholic treasure of the ages.$B$BOnward - for great booze!","","","","",""
78,"The Legend of Stalvan","I know of someone who might be able to assist you.  Back when I was leading the Stormwind Guard, we used to get drinks at the Scarlet Raven Tavern in Darkshire.  The Innkeeper there, Smitts, was quite an expert on the local lore.  Show him this page and see what he has to say about it.","Take the Faded Journal Page to Tavernkeep Smitts.","By the Light! You bet I recognize that handwriting.","","","","",""
79,"The Legend of Stalvan","I followed the legend of that Stalvan character for years.  When those visiting nobles were slaughtered a few years back I went with Haggard to investigate.  I found these muddy pages but we were never able to link the handwriting to that crazy man in the woods.  Your trail of evidence proves his guilt.  Take this to Commander Ebonlocke immediately and fill her in on what you've discovered!","Take the muddy page to Commander Ebonlocke.","My, you have proved yourself to be quite a detective, $C.","","","","",""
80,"The Legend of Stalvan","I have had my eye on that creep, Stalvan, for quite sometime.  But if this page was written by the same hand it proves his guilt beyond a shadow of a doubt.$b$bIn all his days keeping the Town Registry, Clerk Daltry has become an expert at identifying handwriting.  Show him this page and see if the writing matches that of the registry signature.","Show Clerk Daltry the Bloodstained Journal Page.","Why yes! The writing on this page does in fact match that of the registry signatures.","","","","",""
81,"Ripple Delivery","I have taken the extra step of securing not only Dran's packaged ripple in the barrel, but also the extra bottles of ripple he is purloining.  While I may not hold Dran very highly, there is nothing worse than jostled ripple.  You're welcome.$B$BNow, deliver yon barrel to Dran Droffers in his salvage emporium in Orgrimmar.  Pray tell, please extend my warmest greetings to Malton; let him know that should he ever thirst for fine drink and finer drinking companions, we would be honored with his visit.","Deliver the barrel to Dran Droffers in Orgrimmar.","Well, let's see what's in this barrel!$B$BYes, yes, it looks as though it is all here.  Here's your fee for the package, good job on that.  I stand to make five times that fee when I sell it to the tavern!  Har har!$B$BThese extra bottles of Hinterlands Honey Ripple are going to be set for a special occasion.  I think I'll drink some with champagne.  I'll call it... champipple.","","","","",""
82,"Noxious Lair Investigation","All right now, these reports about the bugs... what we know is that they are draining the water pools that used to be where the Noxious Lair is. What we DON'T know is, well, everything else.$B$BLet's figure out who our enemy is first! I want you to head into the Noxious Lair and get some parts off of those critters. Get five from the Centipaar there and bring them to Alchemist Pestlezugg for him to dink with. With him on the case, we'll figure out what they are!","Bring five Centipaar insect parts from the Noxious Lair to Alchemist Pestlezugg in Gadgetzan.","Good work - I'll start my analysis on these now!  I can tell you right from the start though... these are nothing like any insect form I have ever seen.  It's almost as if these bugs are being controlled by an outside force or something.$B$BYou need to go talk to Fizzledowser right away; apparently there is an emergency that he needs your help with on the double!  I'm not sure, but I think it involves more of the bugs in the Tanaris desert!","","","","",""
83,"Red Linen Goods","The Defias gang in Northshire wears burlap masks, but the Defias in Elwynn wears linen which I can use to make fine linen goods.$B$BBring me red linen bandanas and I'll use them to fashion something for you.$B$BDefias gang members were seen outside the Brackwell Pumpkin Patch southwest of here.","Bring 6 Red Linen Bandanas to Sara Timberlain at the Eastvale Logging Camp.","Ah, these are nice bandanas, if a little rough...$B$BHere you are!","","","","",""
84,"Back to Billy","Here you go.  And when you give this pie to that Billy, you tell him I hope he chokes on it!","Bring the Pork Belly Pie to Billy Maclure at the Maclure Vineyards.","Mm, yum!  This pie is the best!$B$BI think my memory is coming back to me...","","","","",""
85,"Lost Necklace","I lost my necklace, and think that guttersnipe Billy Maclure took it!  He's usually scuttling like a rat around the Maclure vineyards east of here. $B$BGet my necklace back for me, and you'll warm an old widow's heart.","Speak with Billy Maclure.","You lost a what?  Well I didn't take no necklace, because I ain't no thief!$B$BI might know who did but...<grin>...I'm too hungry to remember.","","","","",""
86,"Pie for Billy","Maybe if I got a pie, I could tell you who has that necklace.  And you know, I think that old Bernice lady at that other farm makes great Pork Belly Pies... $B$BMaybe if you gave her some chunks of boar meat from the boars that hang around our farms, and told her what it was for, she'd bake up a pie for you.","Bring 4 Chunks of Boar Meat to Auntie Bernice Stonefield at the Stonefield's Farm.","Though this wild boar meat is tough, simmer it enough and it sure does make for some tasty pie!","","","","",""
87,"Goldtooth","I was playing near the Fargodeep Mine, and I think I dropped, er...I mean I saw, the old lady's necklace.  Don't ask me how it got there...it wasn't me!$B$BWell anyway, I saw this big, gold-toothed kobold pick up the necklace and run into the mine.  Go find that kobold and you'll find the necklace, I swear!","Bring Bernice's Necklace to \"Auntie\" Bernice Stonefield at the Stonefield Farm.","Oh, you found it!  Thank you, thank you dear!$B$BHere, take this.  It was my husband's and he always said it was lucky.  If only he didn't forget it on his last campaign! *sniff*","","","","",""
88,"Princess Must Die!","The Brackwells have a prize-winning pig, Princess.  The sow is HUGE, and she got that way from sneaking over here and eating my veggies!$B$BSo before she comes to our fields...Princess must die!  Bring me her collar as proof of the deed and I'll give you something for your time!$B$BPrincess is usually over at the Brackwell Pumpkin Patch, to the east and beyond the Maclure farm.  Get her before she gets hungry and comes back here!","Kill Princess, grab her collar, then bring it back to Ma Stonefield at the Stonefield Farm.","Thank goodness!  That pig was getting so big she'd have eaten our whole crop!  Thank you, $N.$B$BNow, do either of these suit you?","","","","",""
89,"The Everstill Bridge","During the last orc invasion we were forced to smelt our iron down to make bullets, swords and armor.  We sent word to Stormwind for a new shipment of materials but a band of Redridge gnolls hijacked the caravan and ran off into the hills behind Lakeshire.$b$bNow we're coming up short on supplies to get this bridge rebuilt.  If you can bring me 5 iron pikes and 5 iron rivets, $N, I'll make sure you're rewarded. $b$bNow let's get to work!","Bring 5 Iron Pikes and 5 Iron Rivets to Foreman Oslow in Lakeshire.","Great work, $N. These supplies will help the bridge effort immensely. We'll get this beauty shored up in no time.","","","","",""
90,"Seasoned Wolf Kabobs","Seasoned Wolf Kabobs are a house favorite!  Sure, I can make you some.  But first I'll need the supplies.  Bring me 10 Lean Wolf Flanks as well as some Stormwind Seasoning Herbs.  There are so many wolves here in the forest, I am sure finding the Flanks will be no problem.  For the herbs, seek out Felicia Gump in her canal district flower shop in Stormwind.","Gather 10 Lean Wolf Flanks and Stormwind Seasoning Herbs and return to Chef Grual in Darkshire.","Very nice work, $N! Enjoy the delicacy known as Seasoned Wolf Kabob!","","","","",""
91,"Solomon's Law","An enemy of Stormwind has taken up residence in the eastern foothills of Redridge. This wicked villain uses the Arcane to spread terror and misery upon our town and our people. Under the name, Morganth, he conducts his evil business.$b$bMorganth now controls the Shadowhide Gnoll Clan to perform his biddings. As stated by the Law of Lakeshire, aiding a criminal of the Kingdom is punishable by death.$b$bThese vile gnolls must be killed!$b$bTurn in 10 Shadowhide Pendants to me, and you shall be rewarded.","Bring 10 Shadowhide Pendants to Bailiff Conacher in the Lakeshire Town Hall.","The Court of Lakeshire recognizes your commitment to justice, $N. By enforcing the laws of the Kingdom you have helped uphold the justice of the land.","","","","",""
92,"Redridge Goulash","Nothing would please me more than to make you some Redridge Goulash. But there's a slight problem. During the recent orc uprising I fed the entire brigade of Stormwind troops. My cupboard is now bare. But if you can provide me with the ingredients, I'd be happy to oblige.$b$bJust bring me five pieces of Tough Condor Meat, five Great Goretusk Snouts and five helpings of Crisp Spider Meat.","Chef Breanna of Lakeshire wants five pieces of Tough Condor Meat, five Great Goretusk Snouts and five helpings of Crisp Spider Meat.","Well done, $N. Such fine specimens too! And here is your delicious delicacy known as Redridge Goulash!","","","","",""
93,"Dusky Crab Cakes","I'll let you in on a little secret - Dusky \"Crab\" Cakes are really made from spider legs!  I know it's a bit disgusting, but the cakes have a nice, tangy flavor and make great snacks!  Bring me Gooey Spider Legs and I'll whip you up a few of them.$B$BI hear Venom Web Spiders are a good source - they nest to the north, between the foothills and the river. ","Gather 6 Gooey Spider Legs and bring them to Chef Grual in Darkshire.","Ah yes, a nice clutch of legs you have there! Let me just get these seasoned with my secret spices (no looking!) and get them to skittering on a skillet for a while...$B$BAnd, although Dusky Crab Cakes are my specialty and I won't give out the recipe, here's the recipe for a dish that's almost as good.","","","","",""
94,"A Watchful Eye","My rival, Morganth, is a vicious mage of great power who lives in the Tower of Ilgalar in Redridge.  I have developed a means of spying on him, the Eye of Azora, and can now view him from afar.$B$BBut to study his thoughts ... I require further aid.$B$BIf you are willing, then take my Glyph of Azora to the Tower of Ilgalar.  Place it upon the Lion Statue near the Tower.$B$BWhen this is done, the power of Azora will grant visions of Morganth's future plans.","Take the Glyph of Azora to the Lion Statue near the Tower of Ilgalar in Redridge.","You place the Glyph of Azora on the stone. It adheres itself... and you hear from it Theocritus' disembodied voice:$B$BYou have my gratitude, young $N. You may now speak with me through this Glyph, and I might have future tasks for you... after I have probed the thoughts of my rival.","","","","",""
95,"Sven's Revenge","I used to work one of the farms to the southeast...until Dark Riders from Deadwind Pass descended upon my farm and slaughtered my family when I was away!$B$BWhen I returned I saw a shadowy figure skulking near my barn, burying something.  He fled before I could catch him, and I couldn't linger for I was hot on the heels of the Dark Riders.  So I never discovered what was hidden.$B$BIf you can find what that shadowy figure buried, I would be grateful.  The hiding spot is behind the old stump near my barn.","Go to Sven's Farm and find what was buried behind the old stump.","A mound of dirt is here, hastily piled up as if someone had need of hiding something...without much time to do it.","","","","",""
96,"Call of Water","Take shard. Take shard and give life.$B$BGive life and understand. Understand water is life... corruption stops life.$B$BYou protect and give life with water's power.","Bring the Shard of Water to Islen Waterseer in the Barrens.","This is the proof I asked for. You've done well, $N.$B$BI am pleased to be the first to congratulate you and give you this... your water totem.$B$BUse it well, and good luck.$B$BYour next test will not be for some time, so learn your lessons well. Pure water will not only give life back to those who are injured, but can have many other effects. I suggest you seek out a shaman trainer when you have the time. They might have other spells for you to learn.","","","","",""
97,"The Legend of Stalvan","Let Commander Ebonlocke know immediately that the handwriting matched, $N!  Her suspicions were correct!","Report the news to Commander Ebonlocke.","I knew it! Fine work, $N.","","","","",""
98,"The Legend of Stalvan","Stalvan Mistmantle led a life of depravity.  Innocent victims died by his hand.  Undoubtedly he is guilty of countless crimes.  Now the lunatic threatens Darkshire.  The Light only knows what sordid acts he is plotting.  Travel to his cottage just north of town, $C, and execute Stalvan, once and for all.$b$bWhen the deed is done, travel to Madame Eva's and show her his family ring.  After all, it was her premonition that led to this gruesome discovery.  But Darkshire is safer because of her.","Kill Stalvan Mistmantle and show Madame Eva his family ring.","I know, $N: Stalvan is dead. I sensed a wave of hope ripple through the tainted forest. Once and for all, Duskwood is free from his blood thirst. My joy is hampered by thoughts of those who fell prey to the horrible beast. Nonetheless, you are a brave and cunning $c.","","","","",""
99,"Arugal's Folly","As my understanding of Arugal's magic grows so does my disdain for the hapless fool.  I am close to completing my research on his so called remedy.$b$bMy knowledge will be complete when I learn what enchantment is causing the strange behavior going on in Pyrewood Village.  By day, the peasants appear to be Human.  But when the sun goes down the townsfolk turn into Moonrage Worgen.$b$bI need to draw energy from the enchanted shackles Arugal cast on them.  Bring to me six enchanted Pyrewood Shackles, $N.","Bring 6 Pyrewood Shackles to Dalar Dawnweaver at the Sepulcher.","Your persistence is commendable. With the knowledge you helped me gather, Arugal will fall and his reckless magic shall be undone. Cheers to you, $N.","","","","",""
100,"Call of Water","Light explodes as you finish the incantation. The sounds of the water drops hitting the flame have died down and your senses are overcome as the corrupt spirits around you are destroyed.","Speak to the Minor Manifestation of Water in Silverpine Forest.","Thanks to you. Thanks to the shamans.$B$BCorruption ebbs but life continues to wane. Up to shamans to protect life.","","","","",""
101,"The Totem of Infliction","As the mystical taint creeps through the forest, the need for self-protection is undeniable, $N.  The winds whisper to me and they speak of a great danger which waits patiently for you in the near future.$b$bIf you wish to protect yourself, noble $c, bring to me 10 ghoul fangs, 10 skeleton fingers and 5 vials of spider venom.  For you I shall enchant a Totem of Infliction which will harm those who attempt violent acts against you.","Bring 10 Ghoul Fangs, 10 Skeleton Fingers and 5 Vials of Spider Venom to Madame Eva in Darkshire.","Very wise of you, $N. This Totem of Infliction will help to protect you against the evil which lurks throughout Azeroth and beyond. When you feel threatened, hold this totem and take comfort in its magical aura. Be brave, fair $C. You will need all the courage you can muster for I see much bloodshed in your future.","","","","",""
102,"Patrolling Westfall","Stormwind has abandoned us.  A foul wind of depravity rustles through the plains of Westfall.  This was my homeland and I will not turn my back on the citizens who choose to remain here.  We, the former farmers, shall make our stand.$b$bYour task, should you choose to accept, is to patrol the grasslands of Westfall.  Track down and slay the vile Gnolls that seem to be working in conjunction with the Deadmines thieves. Bring me eight Gnoll Paws and I will reward your bravery.","Bring 8 Gnoll Paws to Captain Danuvin on Sentinel Hill.","Well done, $N. With valiant adventurers such as yourself fighting alongside The People's Militia, Westfall just might return to the prosperous breadbasket it once was. Please accept this in recognition of your tireless efforts.","","","","",""
103,"Keeper of the Flame","The night the Lighthouse Keeper's family died was horrible.  I watched, helpless, as Old Murk-Eye led the attack.  But what's done is done and now my concern is for the lives of the sailors on The Great Sea whose ships come close to the perilous rocks of the coastline.  With no one to keep watch on the flame the responsibility has fallen upon me.$b$bHelp me keep the torch lit by bringing me 5 flasks of oil from the Harvest Monsters.","Bring 5 Flasks of Oil to Captain Grayson at the Westfall Lighthouse.","Praise you, brave $C. The rocks of the Westfall Coast shall be lit thanks to your hard work. Many lives will be spared so long as the torch is kept lit.$B$BI died needlessly on this very shore. My afterlife plight is to see that no others follow my destiny.","","","","",""
104,"The Coastal Menace","When my life was ended upon the rocks, I had no clue what the afterlife held for me.  The Lighthouse was black that night because Old Murk-Eye had scared the keeper's family off.  They returned and re-lit the flame but Old Murk-Eye coerced the weaker minded murlocs to raid the Lighthouse with him once again.  The second time the family was not so lucky and before my eyes they perished helplessly.$b$bSlay Old Murk-Eye if you see him along the shore and bring me one of his scales and I shall reward you.","Bring a scale of Old Murk-Eye to Captain Grayson at the Westfall Lighthouse.","So the foul heathen, Murk-Eye is dead. Well done, $N. By your hands one life was laid to rest but perhaps many more were saved. The Great Sea, wrought with danger as it is, shall be a wee bit safer this night thanks to your heroics.","","","","",""
105,"Alas, Andorhal","Alas, the time to attack Andorhal and drive out the lich that controls it is upon us!$B$BInside the ruins of the city is where the lich - Araj the Summoner - holds dominion.  He is guarded by numerous Scourge surrounding the remains of city's center, and his personal retinue of guardians attached to him directly is formidable.  You will need numerous allies to even stand a chance of facing him successfully.$B$BDestroy Araj, $N, and bring me a shard from his phylactery as proof!","Bring Araj's Phylactery Shard to High Executor Derrington at the Bulwark, Western Plaguelands.","You've done it! Araj... the lich is finally defeated!$B$BYou've done a tremendous service to the Horde on this day, $N. Your bravery and perseverance are a testament to what it means to be a true hero. Please - accept this as a token for all to see and know that you have delivered the Horde a victory for the ages!","","","","",""
106,"Young Lovers","Oh, I'm cursed!  My heart belongs to Tommy Joe Stonefield, but our families are bitter enemies.  So I can't see him, even though my eyes ache to gaze upon that handsome face!$B$BPlease, take this letter and give it to Tommy Joe.  He's usually at the river to the west of the Stonefield Farm, which is due west of here.","Give Maybell's Love Letter to Tommy Joe Stonefield.","Ah!  I can't stand us being apart.  I have to see her!!","","","","",""
107,"Note to William","I bet William Pestle has a potion to unite our two young lovers!$B$BHere, take this note to William.  He's staying at the Lion's Pride Inn in Goldshire.","Take Gramma Stonefield's Note to William Pestle.","My heart goes out to those two poor souls, Maybell and Tommy Joe.  I remember being young and in love, once.$B$BThere must be something I can do to help them!  Let me think...","","","","",""
109,"Report to Gryan Stoutmantle","Looks to me you've seen quite a bit of combat in your time, $c.  If you haven't already, you should report to Gryan Stoutmantle.  He heads up the People's Militia, aimed at protecting the farmlands of Westfall.  I bet he could use your help.  You can usually find him in the stone tower on Sentinel Hill, just off the road in the middle of Westfall.","Talk to Gryan Stoutmantle.  He usually can be found in the stone tower on Sentinel Hill, just off the road, in the middle of Westfall.","Ah, so my friend sent you here?  How kind.  $b$bWell the Stormwind Monarchy has abandoned our cause.  Now it is up to the People's Militia to keep the land free from corruption.  If our cause interests you, I can put your combat skills to use in the name of freedom.","","","","",""
110,"Insect Part Analysis","I'm going to spend some time taking a look at Scrimshank's surveying gear... as well as putting his personal effects in order.  I get the sneaking feeling behind my ears that this isn't the last loss we'll be facing against these bugs.$B$BI'd like for you to check in with Alchemist Pestlezugg to see if he has had a chance to process the insect parts we sent him.  If they're ready, bring them to me.","Check in Gadgetzan for Alchemist Pestlezugg and his analysis of the insect parts.","Yes, I have the results right here.  They are... unsettling, to say the least$B$BOur initial suspicion that the bugs are being controlled by an outside force, we believe, is correct.  If this is the case, then we are dealing with not only a very powerful unknown force, but also a malignant one.  These bugs have been changed to be pure ravagers.  I've never seen anything quite like it.","","","","",""
111,"Speak with Gramma","Please, $N, talk with my Gramma.  If anyone can find a way to bring me together with Maybell, she can.$B$BShe's inside our house east of here.","Speak with Gramma Stonefield.","While our families are feuding, Tommy Joe and Maybell don't have much of a future, but... maybe we can get them together for just a little while.$B$BHm, what can we do...","","","","",""
112,"Collecting Kelp","I can make an invisibility liquor for Maybell, so she can slip away from the Maclure Vineyards and go to Tommy Joe.  But to make the Liquor, I need some crystal kelp.$B$BAlthough the kelp usually grows in the ocean... sometimes murlocs collect it.  See if the murlocs near crystal lake have any.  Crystal Lake is just east of Goldshire.","Bring 4 Crystal Kelp Fronds to William Pestle in Goldshire.","You got them.  Good show!  Now, just one moment while I concoct the potion...","","","","",""
113,"Insect Part Analysis","Senior Surveyor Fizzledowser needs to see this report immediately.  Actually... everyone who can read needs to see this report.  We are facing a grave and serious threat to not only Tanaris and Gadgetzan, but if left unchecked, the entirety of southern Kalimdor.  Heck, even quite possible the whole of Azeroth; this thing has given no indication it will subside.$B$BHave Fizzledowser make a duplicate of the report for you to distribute freely to your allegiance. Everyone must know about this threat!","Deliver the report to Senior Surveyor Fizzledowser in Gadgetzan.  Be sure he gives you a copy of the report, as Alchemist Pestlezugg has requested.","Thank you for delivering the report, Junior Surveyor $n; here is your pay for your diligent service to the Gadgetzan Water Company.$B$BWhile I am usually not thrilled about handing out our valuable information carte blanche to those who would otherwise pay good coin for it, I've known Pestlezugg for a number of years now.  If he recommends letting everyone know about it, then so be it.  Give me a moment and I'll make you a copy.","","","","",""
114,"The Escape","Take this invisibility liquor to young Maybell.  It should last long enough for her to visit Tommy Joe.","Take the Invisibility Liquor to Maybell Maclure.","Oh...my!  I feel guilty deceiving my family, but my feelings for Tommy Joe are too strong to ignore.$B$BThank you, $N.  I'll drink this liquor as soon as I have the chance and sneak away to my love.$B$BAnd for you... please take this.","","","","",""
115,"Shadow Magic","The Blackrock orcs enlisted shadowcasters to aid their attacks in Redridge, and they have brought with them devices of dark power--midnight orbs.  These orbs have struck telling blows against Redridge's defenders, and it's imperative we remove the demon-tainted items from the conflict.$B$BFind and deliver to me midnight orbs from slain Blackrock shadowcasters.  I will then have them disposed of, for this world would be a better place without them!","Bring 3 Midnight Orbs to Marshal Marris in Lakeshire.","Thank you, $N. I'll send these to be destroyed immediately.","","","","",""
116,"Dry Times","I find myself in quite a pinch here, $N.  The bottles are close to running dry.  The latest booze shipment is long overdue.  The orc invasion has been hell.$b$bPerhaps you can go to work for me?$b$bI need you to pick up a keg of Thunderbrew Lager from Grimbooze Thunderbrew in the Westfall hills, a cask of Merlot from Stormwind, a bottle of Moonshine from Darkshire and a skin of Sweet Rum from Goldshire.  Bring those back to me and I will see to it you are rewarded.","Barkeep Daniels of Lakeshire needs a keg of Thunderbrew Lager, a cask of Merlot, a bottle of Moonshine and a skin of Sweet Rum.","A job well done, $N! I know well the roads you had to journey to procure this fine array of liquor. But my patrons will be happy once again! $b$bMy wife is quite a seamstress. Please accept this cloak she made in return for your services.","","","","",""
117,"Thunderbrew Lager","Hurry, my friend, move with haste $bIn order for our rich lager to taste $bMore like beer and less like stew, $bHops are needed to make the brew.","Bring Grimbooze Thunderbrew 5 hops to complete his special brew.","Hops and Barley, yeast and malt $bThe taste-buds feel a virtual assault, $bNo need to plead, no need to beg $bFor Thunderbrew Lager comes in a keg!","","","","",""
118,"The Price of Shoes","I've been using so much iron keeping the Stormwind Guards outfitted, I don't have enough to supply the stable's horses with shoes!$B$BTake this note to Blacksmith Argus in Goldshire.  It explains to him my problem and requests a shipment of horseshoes.","Take Verner's Note to Smith Argus in Goldshire.","Heh, so old Verner needs some shoes, does he!?!","","","","",""
119,"Return to Verner","Ok, I'll give him his 50 horseshoes...$B$BHere they are, all boxed up and ready to go!  Tell Verner it was a pleasure doing business, and be sure he reads the note attached to this crate!","Return to Verner Osgood in Redridge.  Give him the Crate of Horseshoes.","Thank you, this really helps me out.$b$bBut what's this? Argus sent a note with the crate...What?? Argus wants me to PAY him? Bah!$b$bWell, $N, thank you for your help.","","","","",""
120,"Messenger to Stormwind","These are trying times, $c.  The township is under constant siege.  Without reinforcements, we will certainly face defeat.  The message I now entrust to you is of utmost importance.  Get this report to General Marcus Jonathan of Stormwind immediately.  Once your delivery is made, return to me at once with any news, be it good or bad. $b$bNow make haste!","Magistrate Solomon has given you a report which must be delivered to General Marcus Jonathan in Stormwind.  The judge wants you to return to him as soon as the delivery has been made.","At ease, $C.$b$bMagistrate Solomon is a noble leader. His words carry great weight with me. I shall seek the counsel of the King and make the situation clear to him. Assure the good judge that he has the Stormwind Army's support. Reinforcements will be sent as soon as word is given from His Majesty.","","","","",""
121,"Messenger to Stormwind","While I wait for a response from the King I want you to carry this letter to Magistrate Solomon. $b$bDismissed, $c!","Take General Marcus Jonathan's letter of response to Magistrate Solomon in Lakeshire.","Thank you for your time, $C. For your service to Lakeshire and Stormwind I reward you with these coins.$b$bNow if you'll excuse me, I find this correspondence somewhat of a mystery. Something is amiss in our Kingdom. I fear this is the beginning of conflict, not the end.","","","","",""
122,"Black Dragon Whelp Scales","I need some Black Dragon Whelp Scales to pay for the shoes Argus sent me from Goldshire.  If you can get 6 of them for me, then I can pay Argus with some... and have enough left to fashion something for you.$B$BBlack Dragon Whelps are often flying around south of Lakeshire, but they like to wander.  You might have to just keep an eye out and hunt them when you see them.","Gather 6 Black Dragon Whelp Scales from Black Dragon Whelps, and bring them to Verner Osgood in Redridge.","Thanks! These will get me out of debt to Argus...","","","","",""
123,"The Collector","This note is a schedule with a list of days and times when a person -- described only as \"The Collector\" -- will receive a shipment of gold from the mines in Elwynn Forest.$B$BFrom the schedule, it looks as if the Collector resides near the Brackwell Pumpkin Patch in eastern Elwynn$B$BThis sounds important.  You should report it to Marshal Dughan in Goldshire.","Go to Marshal Dughan in Goldshire and give him The Collector's Pickup Schedule","Hm... I have heard of this \"Collector\" but I don't know whom he's working for.  Thank you for the schedule.  It will help us solve this mystery.","","","","",""
124,"A Baying of Gnolls","As if the attacking orcs weren't enough!  Now I have gnoll brutes and mystics prowling along the ridge north of my stable, taking my horses when they stray...$B$BIf you can get rid of those gnolls, my horses and I would be very grateful.","Kill 10 Redridge Brutes and 8 Redridge Mystics, then return to Verner Osgood.","Thank you for all your help, $N.","","","","",""
125,"The Lost Tools","I could really use a hand here, $N.  With the town under siege, it's been hard to get supplies.  My tools were being delivered from Goldshire by wagon but the bridge was blown out.  We put the tools in a boat but the orcs hit it with a catapult.  Just my luck, my toolbox sank right to the bottom of the lake.$b$bRetrieve my toolbox, $N, and I'll make it worth your while.","Foreman Oslow of Lakeshire wants you to retrieve his toolbox from the bottom of Lake Everstill.","Excellent recovery, $N! I never thought I'd see these tools again.","","","","",""
126,"Howling in the Hills","$N, the gnolls are still out there.  I can hear their baying as they hunt in the hills above Lakeshire.  And one cry is louder than the rest - Yowler,  their leader.$B$BKill Yowler and send his pack scattering!  Bring me his paw as proof.$B$BAnd be careful, this gnoll is their leader for a reason.  He is no Mongrel...","Bring Yowler's Paw to Verner Osgood in Lakeshire.","Again, thank you for your help. The Stormwind army is so busy dealing with the orcs, they don't have the troops to protect Redridge from local threats like the gnolls.","","","","",""
127,"Selling Fish","Lake Everstill is famous for its spotted sunfish.  There's always demand for them...and I'm running low!$B$BBring me a batch of 10 and I'll barter well for them.  If you can't fish yourself, then...maybe you can get them off the murlocs!","Bring 10 Spotted Sunfish to Dockmaster Baren in Lakeshire.","Pleasure doin' business with you, matey!","","","","",""
128,"Blackrock Bounty","The Blackrock Clan must be destroyed. The Enemy has invaded our lands. These mountains fall under the sovereign right of the King of Stormwind. Our sources tell us that the leaders of each unit within the Clan are known as Champions. You'll find them in their encampment to the north, just west of the road to the Burning Steppes.$b$bMagistrate Solomon wants these foul brutes dead. Slay 15 Blackrock Champions and return to me.","Kill 15 Blackrock Champions and Guard Howe in Lakeshire will reward you.","I see you have fought valiantly against the Blackrock Clan, $C. Your service to our township is great indeed.","","","","",""
129,"A Free Lunch","Can you do me a favor?  I've prepared a lunch for Guard Parker, but he's out on patrol...he's a big, strong Stormwind guard who can defend himself, but it's much too dangerous out there for a townsperson like me.$B$BSo if you deliver his lunch for me, then come back here and I'll give you a free lunch!  Parker patrols the stretch of road leading to Duskwood.","Bring Parker's lunch to Guard Parker.  He patrols the road leading to Darkshire.","Thanks, I could really use the meal. Guarding Lakeshire from the orcs and gnolls is tough work!","","","","",""
130,"Visit the Herbalist","Before you go back to Darcy, can you bring her some flowers for me?  You can get them at the herbalist shop back in Lakeshire, at the west end of town.$B$BBut when you get the flowers...don't tell the herbalist, Martie, whom they're from, or whom they're for...","Speak with the Redridge Herbalist, Martie Jainrose.","You need a bouquet of flowers? You haven't been in town very long...have you already found for yourself a sweetheart here?$B$BI know I shouldn't pry, but it's nice to see that love is in the air... especially in dangerous times like these.","","","","",""
131,"Delivering Daffodils","Here is your bouquet.  I chose Daffodils for you.  They're my favorite!","Give Darcy the Daffodil Bouquet.","Oh, those are lovely! I can't wait to put them in some water!$b$bBut...these are Martie's favorite flowers. Parker didn't have you go to that jealous vixen for this bouquet, did he? You didn't tell her who they were for, did you? If you did, then it wouldn't surprise me if she poisoned them.$b$bOh, but it's not your fault. Thank you, and here's your meal.","","","","",""
132,"The Defias Brotherhood","What I am about to tell you could cost me my life.  The Defias gang is up to something big.  Last I heard they were working in conjunction with various gnolls, kobolds and even goblins.$b$bTake this note to Stoutmantle.  It explains as much as I know on the subject.","Take Wiley's Note to Gryan Stoutmantle in Westfall.","Bah! I should have let that scoundrel rot when I had the chance. But this information is crucial. Good work.","","","","",""
133,"Ghoulish Effigy","I live so far from the protection of town, it's a wonder the ghouls and the walking dead haven't eaten me!  In fact, just yesterday a pack of Bone Chewers was pounding on the walls of my house!$B$BI want to make an effigy - a kind of \"scarecrow\" for Ghouls.  To do that I need some Ghoul Ribs.  You can get them from Flesh Eaters, Bone Chewers, Brain Eaters, Rotted Ones and Plague Spreaders.$B$BGet the ribs for me, and I will repay you with some coin.","Gather 7 Ghoul Ribs and bring them to Abercrombie at his shack.","Ah, thanks. These will do just the trick!","","","","",""
134,"Ogre Thieves","A few weeks ago I was picking herbs far from my house, and a band of ogres attacked me!  I ran, and I was forced to leave behind a crate of precious tools and herbs.$B$BAfter they chased me off, the ogres swaggered back to the ogre mound in southern Duskwood.  I'm sure my crate is somewhere near the mound.$B$BPlease, $N, retrieve this crate for me for I miss it sorely.","Return Abercrombie's Crate to Abercrombie.","Thank the Nec-...well, thank YOU, $N! You have more than earned your reward.$B$BAha! Happy! Happy nights ahead!!","","","","",""
135,"The Defias Brotherhood","I wonder what Wiley meant when he mentioned the Stonemasons.  Perhaps that was a slip of tongue.  Could the Defias gang be related to the Stonemasons?  Only one man would know for sure:  Mathias Shaw, head of the Stormwind Assassins Guild.  Show him Wiley's Note and see if he has anything to add to this growing mystery.","Take Wiley's Note to Mathias Shaw in the Stormwind Assassin's Guild.","This matter might be more complex than Stoutmantle realizes.","","","","",""
136,"Captain Sander's Hidden Treasure","If ye be readin' this, it means that Ol' Captain Sanders is in a watery grave.  So my treasure is yours now, ye jest need to follow the clues. $b$bFirst ye need to find me footlocker.  It's probably half-buried in sand by now, along the Western Coast of Westfall near the shipwreck.  There be lots of shipwrecks but only one rusty anchor on the coast.  Find that anchor and you'll find me locker!  Look in there for the next clue.","Find Captain Sanders' footlocker and search it for the next clue.","The footlocker slowly creaks open. Sand and water seem to be its only contents. But wait! A small crab scurries out with a clue to the treasure in his claws!","","","","",""
138,"Captain Sander's Hidden Treasure","The clue to the treasure reads: Good work, matey!  Now ye need to head due east.  East up the bluffs, east to the road.  Look for the ol' chimney ruins near the side of the road.  There you'll find an old barrel with your next clue.","Find the old barrel near the ruined chimney and search it for your next clue.","Good work, treasure hunter!","","","","",""
139,"Captain Sander's Hidden Treasure","Searching through the barrel you discover another piece of parchment.  This one reads:  Now from this here barrel, face ye North.  Straight as the crow flies, keep ye walkin' till you see the empty jug next to the lone windmill on the sea bluffs.  If ye poke around that jug, ye just might find what you're lookin' for.","Search the empty jug next to the windmill for the next clue.","You're on your way to the jackpot, treasure seeker!","","","","",""
140,"Captain Sander's Hidden Treasure","Sure enough, deep within the Old Jug there is another clue to Sander's treasure.  The ink has run in some places and the paper smells like whiskey but you can make out some of the text:  Now that ye found me ol' whiskey jug, you're almost to the treasure!  Just face West from the bottle and walk down to the shore.  Once ye get to the water, keep going!  Swim straight west till you find the island with me treasure chest!","Locate Captain Sanders' chest and open it for your reward.","The hinges on the old chest are rusty but they still work. You force the chest open and take the booty.$B$BCongratulations!","","","","",""
141,"The Defias Brotherhood","The Stonemasons' Guild was run by a man named Edwin VanCleef.  VanCleef was responsible for rebuilding Stormwind after the orcs razed it in the First War.  Apparently, VanCleef and his men were unhappy with their treatment by the King after the reconstruction was complete.  That just might explain a thing or two.$b$bI have written a more detailed account for your Master in Westfall.  Take this to him at once!","Take Shaw's report to Gryan Stoutmantle in Westfall.","Edwin VanCleef. . .I know the name well. To think that a man so industrious and talented could turn into such a scoundrel unnerves me. I'll need further proof before I believe this.","","","","",""
142,"The Defias Brotherhood","We need to discover the location of the Defias hideout.  $N, my scout reports that a Defias Messenger has been seen on the roads between Moonbrook, the Gold Coast Quarry and the Jangolode Mine.  I want you to capture him.  If he resists, kill him and bring me whatever he is carrying.","Track down the Defias Messenger in Westfall and bring his message to Stoutmantle.","This is indeed firm proof that VanCleef is in charge. Now all we need to know is where the Defias gang is hiding out.$b$bWe've had a stroke of luck while you were gone. We captured a thief trying to steal Saldean's wagon. He has promised to lead us to the hideout in exchange for his life. I want you to defend the traitor so he can reveal the hideout. Return to me once you have uncovered the location.","","","","",""
143,"Messenger to Westfall","Something odd is afoot with the Stormwind Army.  They should have been here in force by now.  Time is a luxury we don't have, however.  I will not stand by and watch the people of Lakeshire give their lives without trying to enlist more help.  I've heard word of a people's militia forming in Westfall.$b$bTake this plea to their leader, Gryan Stoutmantle.  Perhaps Stoutmantle's men can lend some support here until the King sends reserves.","Magistrate Solomon wants you to take his written plea to Gryan Stoutmantle in Westfall.","Good Messenger, you have served your master well.","","","","",""
144,"Messenger to Westfall","Magistrate Solomon's note pains me to read.  But it is obvious he knows not the war which is waged in Westfall or else he would know better than to expect aid from the Militia.  If Stormwind had not deserted us as well, we would not have the need for the Militia.$b$bTake this response to your master in Redridge, $c.  And let him know that my heart is heavy with the loss of good men.","Return to Magistrate Solomon with Gryan Stoutmantle's response.","I do say, this is not good at all. I did not realize that Stoutmantle's situation was not unlike ours here in Lakeshire. What action is so important that it calls the Stormwind Army away from its people? Bah, I should not ponder aloud.$b$bHere, messenger. Accept these coins in exchange for your service to the Township. I might call upon you again.","","","","",""
145,"Messenger to Darkshire","I require your assistance once again.  I have written to Lord Ebonlocke, requesting that he sends his trained guards, the Night Watch, to help with Lakeshire's defense.  It is imperative this message makes it to him swiftly.  You must exercise extreme caution.  Ebonlocke is the mayor of Darkshire, in the heart of Duskwood.  Do not stray from the roads.","Magistrate Solomon wants you to take a letter to Lord Ebonlocke in Darkshire.","Thank you for making the long journey here. This is indeed important information.","","","","",""
146,"Messenger to Darkshire","If I did not know Magistrate Solomon personally, I would say the man has gone mad.  Send the Night Watch to Lakeshire because Stormwind refuses aid?  The Night Watch was formed because Stormwind left us when this foul magic seeped into the land.  If I sent my Night Watch, this town would be overrun by evil before the guards even reached the forest's edge.$b$bTake this letter of response to your Master in Lakeshire.","Return to Magistrate Solomon with Lord Ebonlocke's letter of response.","By the Light! The Stormwind Army retreated from Westfall. And the Guard no longer protects Darkshire? There is some treachery abound. How could this be so? $b$bOh I forgot to reward your service, $C. Here are some coins. Now excuse me. Something is amiss in Stormwind and I must get to the bottom of it.","","","","",""
147,"Manhunt","If the \"Collector\" is taking gold from our mines then he's stealing from the kingdom!  Bring the Collector to justice, and bring me the ring mentioned in the pickup schedule you gave me.  It may tell us whom the Collector is working for...$B$BThat Pickup Schedule says the Collector is hiding out at the Brackwell Pumpkin Patch.  You should search for him there.","Find and kill \"the Collector\"  then return to Marshal Dughan with The Collector's Ring.","You found him?  Well done, $N.  He won't be \"collecting\" from the Elwynn Mines again!$B$BAnd this ring you found is interesting... it's a membership ring for the old Stonemason's Guild in Stormwind.  Why would a lowly thief have an artisan guild ring, and why are the Defias Thieves collecting money from our mines?$B$BDifficult questions.  I hope one day we'll have answers.","","","","",""
148,"Supplies from Darkshire","Oh, what is a poor old man to do?  I need some supplies from Darkshire, but the village is so far away and I am so old and feeble...I would never make the trip.$B$BCan you go to Darkshire and bring me back some Ghost Hair Thread?  You can get it from Madame Eva at her home on the Darkshire square.","Speak with Madame Eva.","Ah, Ghost Hair Thread is what you need, is it? I'm afraid I have none in stock, but I can make some for you...if you can supply the ghost hair.","","","","",""
149,"Ghost Hair Thread","There is a poor, sad spirit, Blind Mary, who haunts an old farm house in the hills south of Darkshire.$B$BHere, take this Spectral Comb and ask Blind Mary to comb her hair.  Then bring back the comb and I will glean from it the Ghost Hair I'll need for the thread.$B$BAnd take care, for dark things now lurk near that house...","Bring the Spectral Comb to Blind Mary.","What is this? A comb? It's lovely! And it glides through my hair as if it weren't the stiff, stringy horror that it is.$B$BOh, if only I had a mirror...","","","","",""
150,"Murloc Poachers","Murlocs are becoming a problem.  Larger groups of the fishmen are dropping anchor along the shores of Lake Everstill and fishing up a storm!  We need them gone before they eat all the fish in the lake!$B$BHunt murlocs!  Bring me eight of their fins and I might have something for you...","Bring 8 Murloc Fins to Dockmaster Baren in Lakeshire.","Well done, $N. I hope you didn't have too much trouble with those murlocs.$B$BIt's strange seeing them so far from the sea. I wonder if they're here because they're running from something...","","","","",""
151,"Poor Old Blanchy","Poor Old Blanchy!  Such a tired beast after all the work we put her through.  I fed her before we left the farm but we weren't expecting the wagon to break on us.  If you could bring her a few handfuls of oats from the fields, I'd be grateful.  I bet you could find some around the fields, if you can steer clear of those horrific machines that have taken over.","Verna Furlbrow in Westfall wants you to bring her 8 handfuls of oats.","Thank you so much, $N! Poor Old Blanchy will be so happy!","","","","",""
152,"The Coast Isn't Clear","You probably noticed all of the shipwrecks along the coast.  The Great Sea is treacherous indeed.  The coast of Westfall needs to be kept clear, so that if sailors find their way to our beaches, they are safe.  The Murlocs are trouble though.$b$bKill 7 Tidehunters, 7 Warriors, 7 Oracles and 7 Coastrunners and I will see to it that you are rewarded.","Kill 7 Tidehunters, 7 Warriors, 7 Oracles and 7 Coastrunners and return to Captain Grayson at the Westfall Lighthouse.","Well done, $N. You have quite a knack for combat. Thanks to you the Coast of Westfall is a safer place.","","","","",""
153,"Red Leather Bandanas","The Defias Front is constantly shifting.  I've been following their movements for quite some time now.  On a side note, I've ascertained that many members of the gang can be tracked by the Red Leather Bandanas they wear.$b$bBring me 15 of these Bandanas and I'll see to it you are rewarded.","Bring 15 red leather bandanas to Scout Galiaan at Sentinel Hill.","Nice work, $R. Please accept one of these items as payment for all your hard work.","","","","",""
154,"Return the Comb","NO!!!!!$B$BTake it, take this comb away from me!$B$BI'm a monster, and no one will ever think me lovely again!","Return the Ghost Hair Comb to Madame Eva in Darkshire.","I can make a spool of Ghost Hair Thread with this, and have a few strands to spare. Here are some coins for those extra strands.","","","","",""
155,"The Defias Brotherhood","So Stoutmantle sends a scrawny $r like you to protect me?  Guess you'll have to do.  Better bring some friends too. $b$bYou know the deal, right?  You watch my back and I'll take you to the Defias hideout.  But you better be close by my side.  The Defias gang wants my head now.  If they see me with you, they'll try to kill me.$b$bLet me know when you and any friends you can round up are ready to go.","Escort the Defias Traitor to the secret hideout of the Defias Brotherhood.  Once the Defias Traitor shows you where VanCleef and his men are hiding out, return to Gryan Stoutmantle with the information.","Most excellent, $N! VanCleef is as good as ours now that we know where he is hiding.","Escort The Defias Traitor to discover where VanCleef is hiding","","","",""
156,"Gather Rot Blossoms","If you bring me some rot blossoms then I can brew you up a batch of zombie juice.$B$BRot blossoms grow in strange places.  In particular, I hear you can find them inside the skulls of Skeletal Horrors and Skeletal Fiends... not that I've gotten close enough to look!$B$BThe Raven Hill Cemetery and the Tranquil Gardens are both lousy with those skeletons.  You may as well get rid of them while you're looking for rot blossoms.  The town of Darkshire would be grateful.","Gather 8 Rot Blossoms and bring them to Tavernkeep Smitts in Darkshire.","Good, you got the rot blossoms. And I'll tell Althea Ebonlocke of the Night Watch that you were killing skeletons.$B$BKeeping the people of Darkshire safe is a grim burden for the Night Watch, and news that others are helping stem the tide of fiends in Duskwood is welcome news indeed.","","","","",""
157,"Deliver the Thread","Here is your thread, $N.  It has a thousand uses, from binding evil spirits to sewing life into inanimate objects.","Bring the Ghost Hair Thread to Abercrombie, in his shack north of the Raven Hill Cemetery.","Delightful! This will do splendidly...$b$bHere, good $N, take this as payment for your honorable deed.","","","","",""
158,"Zombie Juice","I need a bottle of a certain liquor - Zombie Juice.  Tavernkeep Smitts at the Scarlet Raven Tavern in Darkshire should have some.$B$BAnd please hurry, $N.  These nights get cold, and I need that drink to put fire in my veins again!","Speak with Tavernkeep Smitts.","You need some Zombie Juice, do you? Hmm...that's some strong stuff - I don't usually get requests for it.","","","","",""
159,"Juice Delivery","Here's your Zombie Juice...$B$B...and be careful with this stuff.  It's strong enough to raise the dead!","Bring the Zombie Juice to Abercrombie at his shack.","A thousand thanks, $N. You warm an old man's heart with your foolish-...I mean...with your kindness!$b$bHere you are, friend. Take this as a token of my gratitude.","","","","",""
160,"Note to the Mayor","Take this note to Ello Ebonlocke, the Mayor of Darkshire.$B$BHe and I are old friends...and when he reads it and discovers what you did for me...I'm sure he'll be just as happy as I am!  Hahahaha!","Bring Abercrombie's Letter to Ello Ebonlocke, Mayor of Darkshire.","<Ello looks at the letter...>$B$BWhat language is this? It looks ancient...I can't read it.","","","","",""
161,"A Dark Threat Looms","If my suspicions are correct, this is some type of explosive powder.  This must be analyzed by an explosives expert so we know just what we're dealing with here.  Ashlan Stonesmirk was assigned to the regiment guarding Dun Modr and the Thandol Span.  I need you to make a grave and perilous journey, $N.$b$bTravel through the Algaz Gate, follow the road through the Wetlands and seek out Stonesmirk in Dun Modr.  Heed my advice: stick to the roads and stop for nothing!","Chief Engineer Hinderweir wants you to take the strange smelling powder to Ashlan Stonesmirk, the explosives expert in Dun Modr.","Ah, well Ol' Hinderweir is wise to be worried.","","","","",""
162,"Rise of the Silithid","I urge you to take this report to someone who has working knowledge in this kind of thing.$B$BI know this night elf scholar named Gracina Spiritmight.  She's spent a lot of time studying life forms that are unique to the ecology of Azeroth; she's a historian to boot!  If you want someone to help figure out what exactly this threat is, and more importantly how to stop it, give her the report.  We'll need the help.$B$BLast I heard, she was residing in the Temple of the Moon, located in Darnassus.","Take the Insect Analysis Report to Gracina Spiritmight in Darnassus.","This report... we night elves know of the terror mentioned here.  Fizzledowser was wise to send this, and you, to me.$B$BThese creatures will consume the Tanaris desert rapidly; they are nothing short of one of the greatest menaces we all will ever face.  Familiarize yourself with this name, $n: silithid.  The insects mentioned here are the silithid, and they are the tools of one of the greatest threats that both the Horde and Alliance face.$B$BIf only we were smart enough to see that before.","","","","",""
163,"Raven Hill","Something's amiss at Raven Hill, $n. Calor swears that someone--or something--is haunting the buildings there. Two nights running he's noticed the shadows moving, and the third before that he says he saw light in one of the windows.$b$bIf, as you say, you care about the safety of Duskwood, find out what monster haunts in Raven Hill.","Find out what is haunting Raven Hill.","No! Please don't kill me! It's just me... Jitters!! They're everywhere... I can't escape them! Monsters in Raven Hill? N-n-n-o... couldn't be. Only harmless Jitters.","","","","",""
164,"Deliveries to Sven","Do you know Sven? Now, there is a man who does the work of the Light! He and his followers keep a camp at the northwestern edge of Duskwood.$b$bUnfortunately, because they are so few, they cannot even spare a man to fetch supplies from town. Will you deliver these supplies to him?","Deliver the supplies to Sven.","These supplies will be most useful. The aid of the Carevin family is always appreciated. Here is a little something for your trouble.","","","","",""
165,"The Hermit","There was an old man who used to come into town to buy supplies rather frequently, but I haven't seen him for quite some time now. He lives out in a shack overlooking Raven Hill cemetery, if I remember correctly. Perhaps you should go see if something is amiss.","Check on the old man in the shack near Raven Hill cemetery.","Hehe, oh yes... of course, the Carevins.$B$BNo, nothing's wrong but it is hard for me to go into town now. The roads are dangerous and I'm not getting any younger. Maybe you can do an old man some favors?","","","","",""
166,"The Defias Brotherhood","There is but one task left for you to complete.  Edwin VanCleef must be assassinated.  While it saddens me to condemn any man to a death sentence, it is for the greater good of the people of Westfall that VanCleef is laid to rest once and for all.  Bring me the villain's head once the deed is done.","Kill Edwin VanCleef and bring his head to Gryan Stoutmantle.","$N, your bravery is remarkable. The People's Militia thanks you for your service to the people of Westfall. With VanCleef dead, this marks the beginning of the end for the Defias Brotherhood. Hopefully some day soon peace will once again grace the plains of this fair land.$B$BI salute you, $gLord:Lady;!","","","","",""
167,"Oh Brother. . .","We were deep in a vast mine in Westfall, hidden beneath a barn in Moonbrook. No clue where these stinkin' thieving types came from. Anyway, the mine tunnel collapsed on us. I got out but the others... well... the others haven't been heard from.$b$bYou look like you might have better luck in there. If you could look for my brother, I'd be thankful.  He always carried his Explorers' League Badge. If you can't find him, that badge would at least give me some peace of mind.","Bring Foreman Thistlenettle's Explorers' League Badge to Wilder Thistlenettle in Stormwind.","My suspicions were correct. My poor brother.... Well, thank you for bringing some conclusion to this mystery, even if the conclusion was grim.","","","","",""
168,"Collecting Memories","Many of my friends perished that horrible day when the mine tunnel caved in.  If your adventures happen to bring you into that wing of the mine in Moonbrook, please keep an eye out for any sign which might identify them.  If you come across any of their Miners' Union Cards, bring them back to me and I'll make sure their families get some resolution from this horrible accident.","Retrieve 4 Miners' Union Cards and return them to Wilder Thistlenettle in Stormwind.","Thank you for collecting these, $N. Your efforts will help bring peace to the dead in the wake of this tragedy. I will see to it that the families are notified.","","","","",""
169,"Wanted: Gath'Ilzogg","Wanted! Gath'Ilzogg, Leader of the Blackrock attacks on Stonewatch Keep and raids against the township of Lakeshire. $b$bGath'Ilzogg is extremely dangerous.  He is reportedly holed up in the recently conquered keep plotting the Blackrock clan's further crimes against humanity.  The orc infestation must be quelled at all costs.  A gracious reward will be given to whatever brave soul can deliver the head of Gath'Ilzogg to Magistrate Solomon.","Kill Gath'Ilzogg and bring his head to Magistrate Solomon in Lakeshire for the reward.","Fantastic work, $N! Gath'Ilzogg led those brutes into battle, killing many innocent humans. Vindication is ours. This is the first step in reclaiming the keep for the kingdom of Stormwind!","","","","",""
170,"A New Threat","Those flaming troggs have been popping up everywhere lately, just a few at first, wandering around the hills in the southeast, but now they've appeared in greater numbers.$b$bWe didn't think they were a threat--well, besides their ugly mugs!--but then, a few months ago they attacked and overran the camp to the west. We tried taking it back, but they've not been eager to part with it.$b$bWe're a bit shorthanded here, $g lad : lass;, so if you'd like to help us out, we'd be much obliged.","Balir Frosthammer wants you to kill 5 Rockjaw Troggs and 5 Burly Rockjaw Troggs.","If the problems we've had here are indicative of what is happening elsewhere in our lands, by Magni's beard, we have some troubles ahead of us! I can only hope that the king and Senate are taking steps to deal with the threat the troggs pose.","","","","",""
171,"Four-legged Menaces","Ever since the darkness came to Duskwood, the wolves grew more feral. They were always a nuisance, but never a threat. Everything changes for the worst here, it would seem.$B$BThey used to have a stranglehold in the woods, but since the worgen started appearing in Duskwood, the wolves have been pushed back to the northern and western borders.$B$BNonetheless, the worgen didn't rid us of the problem, so it looks like it's up to us to clear the mongrels out. You'll find them to the west, along the river bank.","Watcher Callahan wants you to kill 12 Rabid Dire Wolves.","",\N,\N,\N,\N,\N
173,"Worgen in the Woods","Darkness seems drawn inexorably to Duskwood. Master Carevin's quest is the expulsion of evil and heresy. Through our efforts are the people of Darkshire kept safe.$b$bYou believe yourself worthy to join us?$b$bI once thought as you. Disillusioned by the complacency of the Watch, I joined Master Carevin. If you wish to prove yourself, it will not be through words.$b$bTest your skills against the Nightbane Shadow Weaver worgen in Brightwood Grove--bright, hah!--and the Rotting Orchard.","Kill 6 Nightbane Shadow Weaver worgen for Calor in Darkshire.","Impressive, $N. It would seem that you are capable enough to handle yourself. Perhaps a more suitable challenge could be found for one of your abilities.$b$bIt is curious though... The worgen seemed to just appear out of thin air. But then, with all the other strange creatures that have moved across our borders, I suppose it's only one of many concerns.","","","","",""
174,"Look To The Stars","My Gnomish friend, Cog, has promised to help me build a device which will let me peer towards the stars.  A truth exists, beyond magic, that can explain the strange transformation in the forest.$b$bBring to me a bronze tube made by a skilled engineer.  That is the first step, according to Cog's blueprint.","Viktori Prism'Antras of Darkshire wants you to bring him a bronze tube.","This is perfect, $N. The first step is complete!","","","","",""
175,"Look To The Stars","According to Cog's blueprint, what I need now is a way to reflect light.  I remember a woman by the name of Mary who became well known around these parts for always carrying a looking glass.  Perhaps you can track Mary down and see if she might lend us a reflective surface for this project?  I believe she once resided in southern Duskwood. . .","Locate Mary and persuade her to give up a reflective surface for Viktori's project.","Why yes, I used to own a looking glass.","","","","",""
176,"Wanted:  \"Hogger\"","Wanted: Hogger$B$BA huge gnoll, Hogger, is prowling the woods in southwestern Elwynn.  He has overpowered all attempts at his capture.$B$BThe Stormwind Army has placed a generous bounty on the Gnoll.  To earn the reward, bounty hunters should bring proof of Hogger's demise to Marshal Dughan in Goldshire.","Slay the gnoll Hogger and bring his Huge Gnoll Claw to Marshal Dughan.","Hah!  Well done!  I was starting to think no one would take down that monster!$B$BHere you are, $N.  And thanks - that Gnoll was giving me a headache the size of Blackrock Spire!","","","","",""
177,"Look To The Stars","The looking glass was one of my finest treasures until. . .the incident.  After that happened, I discarded it behind the barn.  There was an Insane Ghoul who used to roam back there.  Perhaps he picked it up.  Rumor has it the devilish beast resides in the Tranquil Gardens Cemetery.","Retrieve Blind Mary's Looking Glass from the Insane Ghoul and give it to Viktori in Darkshire.","Most superb! This will work perfectly. Many thanks!","","","","",""
178,"Theocritus' Retrieval","<You hear a disembodied voice...>$B$BDo not be alarmed.  I am Theocritus, High Mage of Tower Azora in Elwynn Forest.  The pendant you are holding is a method of communication between the Shadowhide Gnolls and their master, Morganth.$B$BThrough months of research, I believe I too can communicate through these pendants.  If you can hear this message, then my spell was a success.$B$BBring me this pendant and I will reward you for the service.","Bring the Faded Shadowhide Pendant to Theocritus the Mage.","You have my gratitude, $N. I sent that message to the Shadowhide Pendants weeks ago and had believed it a failure. But it seems the spell did reach at least some pendants, after a significant delay.$B$BIn time I hope to learn how to send an attack through the pendants, to immobilize any Shadowhide Gnolls who wear them.$B$BBut before that is possible, I'm afraid that much more research is required.","","","","",""
179,"Dwarven Outfitters","What do we have here? You look as though you might need something to keep your hands warm, hm?$b$bI'll tell you what would help: a pair of nice, warm gloves. And, being the kind soul that I am, I'd be more than happy to provide you with a suitable pair. I've one condition, however.$b$bI need you to go get me some wolf meat. Nice arrangement, hm? You bring me some wolf meat, and I'll make sure you don't lose any digits to frostbite. Well, what do you say?","Sten Stoutarm would like 6 pieces of Tough Wolf Meat.","Ah! Wonderful. The wolf meat should do nicely. Oh, don't worry, $n, I wouldn't forget my part of the bargain. Here, one of these should fit you.","","","","",""
180,"Wanted: Lieutenant Fangore","Wanted: Lieutenant Fangore$b$bKnown leader of the Shadowhide Gnoll Clan, working under the enemy of the Township and Kingdom, Morganth.  By mandate of Magistrate Solomon, this vile betrayer of Stormwind is wanted dead.  Show his paw to the Magistrate as proof of his death.","Kill Lieutenant Fangore and return to Magistrate Solomon in Lakeshire with his paw.","So the evil Lieutenant Fangore is dead? Good riddance to that foul creature. You are very brave, $C. The Township of Lakeshire thanks you for your aid.","","","","",""
181,"Look To The Stars","Now there is just one more item needed to complete this device.  Cog's blueprint calls for a lens of some sort.  The only lens I know of that would be large enough will be very difficult to acquire.$b$bThere is an ogre by the name of Zzarc'Vul who resides in the mound in southern Duskwood.  If you can, bring to me his monocle and I will use that as our lens!","Locate Zzarc'Vul in the southern ogre mound in Duskwood and return his monocle to Viktori in Darkshire.","At last! The stargazing device is complete! Thank you, $N. Now I can continue my research. . .","","","","",""
182,"The Troll Cave","My brother Senir and I were sent to different parts of Dun Morogh to investigate the threat posed by the trolls. The Senate has its hands full with the troggs, so they've no need for further annoyances.$b$bFrom what I've seen, the trolls aren't well situated here in Coldridge Valley--mostly the southern cave. I'd say that the army will not be necessary. A few strong arms should be more than enough.$b$bPerhaps you'd like to assist in this endeavor? I have the authority to offer compensation for your help.","Grelin Whitebeard would like you to kill 14 Frostmane Troll Whelps.","Argh! Those Light-blasted trolls!$b$b<He takes a few breaths and seems to settle down... a bit.>$b$bA group of them came in the night and stole my journal! I knew better than to trust that good-for-nothing appr...","","","","",""
183,"The Boar Hunter","Nothing like a day of boar hunting, eh?$b$bThough, here in Coldridge Valley, there are so many boars it almost takes the fun out of it. No need to get them charging. They're all angry and ready without any help. In fact, recently, there've been so many boars in the area, it's become dangerous for me to do my daily hunting.$b$bLong story short, if you could help me kill some of the boars, I would appreciate it.","Talin Keeneye would like you to kill 8 Small Crag Boars.","Excellent! I can go back to my... leisurely... hunting now. Thank you, $n.","","","","",""
184,"Furlbrow's Deed","This is the deed to an expanse of farmlands within Westfall.  It is signed by a Theodore Furlbrow and cosigned by his wife, Verna.  And on the back of the deed are hastily scrawled words:$B$B\"We leaned on Furlbrow and got his deed.  Thought it might be handy if you wanted to forge one of these for your own place.$B$BThe Furlbrows won't give us trouble.  Last I saw them they were on their way out of Westfall, stuck with a broken wagon.\"$B$BYou think the Furlbrows might want their deed back...","Bring Furlbrow's Deed to Farmer Furlbrow.","Loads of thanks, $N! As I was saying, these parts aren't fit for honest folk anymore, but if things get better, then this deed will let us reclaim our land.$b$bI don't have much to offer you, but here -- take this.","","","","",""
185,"Tiger Mastery","When I was but a young girl, my father trained me in the art of tiger hunting.$b$bYou'll find the young felines much easier to track and slay.  For this reason, we'll start you out easy.  One can often find young tigers near the expedition camp.$b$bTest your tracking skills and see if you can hunt some of the beasts down.","Ajeck Rouack of Nesingwary's Expedition wants you to kill 10 Young Stranglethorn Tigers.","Nicely done, $n.  You are ready to move on.","","","","",""
186,"Tiger Mastery","You are learning, $c.  Let us test your skills with the mature cats now. Kill 10 Stranglethorn Tigers this time out.","Ajeck Rouack of Nesingwary's Expedition wants you to kill 10 Stranglethorn Tigers.","I am impressed, $c.  You are progressing quite well.","","","","",""
187,"Tiger Mastery","Now I'm going to up the stakes on you and truly test your skill.  Prove to me you can kill 10 Elder Stranglethorn Tigers.  If you can do that, you will be ready for your final challenge before I declare you a master tiger hunter in Master Nesingwary's presence.$b$bElder Stranglethorn Tigers are not only the most difficult to find, they are also the fiercest to defeat.","Ajeck Rouack of Nesingwary's Expedition wants you to kill 10 Elder Stranglethorn Tigers.","Most impressive.  I believe you are almost ready.","","","","",""
188,"Tiger Mastery","Here is the final challenge that I will put forth.  We've been tracking an elusive tiger for weeks.  We call the beast Sin'Dall.  See if you can do what no $r has done before: hunt down and kill Sin'Dall.  Bring me her paw as proof of your accomplishment.$b$bTracking her down will be no easy task.","Ajeck Rouack of Nesingwary's Expedition wants you to kill Sin'Dall and return with her paw.","Most impressive, I do say!  You are a true Master Tiger Hunter, $N!","","","","",""
189,"Bloodscalp Ears","Damn trolls! They've been killing off our agents in the jungle! I've already lost a good number of my best guards to skirmishes with them. The costs are piling up! How will I explain this to Baron Revilgaz?$b$bDecisive action... Think, Kebok... you weren't assigned to the post you have today for sitting around... I've got it! You... $n, is it? You'll help me, won't you? There's money to be had!$b$bHere's the deal... you bring me the ears of fifteen Bloodscalp Trolls, and I'll compensate you well.","Acquire 15 Bloodscalp Ears and return them to Kebok in Booty Bay.","Oh excellent, excellent. That'll help a little, for the present...$b$b<He trails off, grumbling about profit margins and costs...>$b$bWhat? You're still here? Reward? Oh, right... of course, here, take this... it should be more than enough.","","","","",""
190,"Panther Mastery","If you want to be a part of the hunt with this crack group Hemet has assembled, you're going to need to prove yourself an able panther hunter.  We'll start you out easy -- don't you worry.  Let's see you kill 10 young panthers to start.$b$bTracking them down is only half the challenge...","Sir S. J. Erlgadin of Nesingwary's Expedition wants you to kill 10 Young Panthers.","Off to a good start, $N!","","","","",""
191,"Panther Mastery","Now you're ready to turn it up a notch.  If you want to prove yourself worthy of socializing with the likes of these big game hunters, you'll need to prove that you can kill 10 panthers.$b$bThose big boys are tougher.  They're not as easy as the young ones you were killing earlier.","Sir S. J. Erlgadin of Nesingwary's Expedition wants you to kill 10 Panthers.","Perfectly executed, $N!","","","","",""
192,"Panther Mastery","Now the hard part.  A true panther hunter can show skill by dropping Shadowmaw Panthers, the deadliest in Stranglethorn.  Prove to us that you can slay 10 of these beasts.$b$bIf you think they are hard to track, wait until you attempt to slay one....","Sir S. J. Erlgadin of Nesingwary's Expedition wants you to kill 10 Shadowmaw Panthers.","You've done well, $N!","","","","",""
193,"Panther Mastery","You've almost proven yourself to be a master hunter of panthers.  A panther by the name of Bhag'thera has been prowling the jungle.  So far he's eluded our party.  See if you can use your skills to kill the great Bhag'thera.$b$bBring me the Fang of Bhag'thera and you'll have earned my respect!","Sir S. J. Erlgadin of Nesingwary's Expedition wants you to bring him the Fang of Bhag'thera.","So the great Bhag'thera is dead!  Cheers to you, $N.  You are a mighty $c indeed!","","","","",""
194,"Raptor Mastery","So you think your hunting skills are in tip-top shape?  I can put them to the test in a jiffy.  Head out into that jungle and kill 10 Stranglethorn Raptors.  We'll see just how much of a big game hunter you are.$b$bAnd no, I won't tell you where you can find them!  Locating the beasts is half the challenge.","Hemet Nesingwary wants you to kill 10 Stranglethorn Raptors.","Nicely done, $g old chap : m'lady;!","","","","",""
195,"Raptor Mastery","Now let's step up the challenge and see if you're up to it.  Venture into the jungle and bag yourself 10 of those bloody Lashtail Raptors.  Let's see what you've got!","Hemet Nesingwary wants you to kill 10 Lashtail Raptors.","Now that's how you get a trophy or two over the ol' hearth!  Nice killing, $N!","","","","",""
196,"Raptor Mastery","Let's see how you handle this next challenge.  There is a cagey breed of raptor out there.  We call them Jungle Stalkers.  They are far more difficult to track down and kill than the other breeds you've been trying your luck at.  Kill 10 Jungle Stalkers and I'll tip you off to the best hunting yet.","Hemet Nesingwary wants you to kill 10 Jungle Stalkers.","Ho ho!! We have ourselves a true raptor slayer!  Nicely done, $g old chap : fair lady;!","","","","",""
197,"Raptor Mastery","Because you proved yourself to be such a go-getter in the jungle, let me tell you about a ferocious raptor that even I have failed to kill.  Ajeck here calls this wily raptor Tethis.$b$bIf you want to prove yourself a true master, kill Tethis and bring me his talon.  It would be a feat that no other big game hunter has accomplished.","Hemet Nesingwary wants you to kill Tethis, an elusive, dangerous raptor in Stranglethorn.","Master $N, the raptor slayer!$b$bHas a nice ring to it, eh?","","","","",""
198,"Supplies to Private Thorsen","Hmm. Yes, I do have something you could do, actually. Lieutenant Doren and his followers up in the north need their regular supplies from us.$b$bThey haven't been delivered, and with the trolls attacking, I'll need someone to do it. Doren's camp lies northwest of the road at the entrance to Stranglethorn from Duskwood. Give the supplies to Private Thorsen, if he's not in the camp, then he'll be patrolling south of it. He'll take care of them.$b$bMind you, if you fail, you'll owe me restitution.","Deliver the Miscellaneous Goblin Supplies to Private Thorsen.","These land mines will help us defend ourselves from that animal Kurzen and his men. Thank you for bringing them. If you need further work, I can probably find something for you to do. And you won't have to deal with those goblins, hm?","","","","",""
199,"A Dark Threat Looms","You take a sample of the strange smelling powder.","Return to Chief Engineer Hinderweir and show him the clue that you discovered.","This is an alarming discovery, to say the least!","","","","",""
200,"Bookie Herod","If Kurzen knows Thorsen's secret, then we have a spy in our midst.  We must determine how the secret was leaked!$B$BThorsen's contact within Kurzen's camp was Bookie Herod.  Herod is Kurzen's logistics officer and knows everything about the running of Kurzen's Compound.  If you can get Herod's notes or records, maybe we can find out how Thorsen was discovered.$B$BWhen we were still with Kurzen, Bookie's office was on the top floor of the camp's only two-story house.  His records are probably still there.","Find Bookie Herod's Records.","These are Bookie Herod's notes and records.$b$bAmong them are: a list of supplies within the camp, material requests from Colonel Kurzen, and various letters and correspondences.","","","","",""
201,"Investigate the Camp","I've gotten reports of a group of hunters that have set up camp upriver of the Venture Company mining camp on Lake Nazferiti. Now, normally I wouldn't care, but improbably, I heard that Hemet Nesingwary was one of the hunters there? He's certainly well-connected, if you catch my meaning, and you never can be too safe.$b$bWhy don't you go check out the camp, $n, see what they're about?","Find the hunters' camp and report its location to Krazek in Booty Bay.","Hmmm, so my information was correct, as usual. Interesting. Well, I don't suppose they pose any sort of threat of interference with our operation, but perhaps they have a need for some of our excellent manufactured products. Hmmm...","Locate the hunters' camp","","","",""
202,"Colonel Kurzen","You have proven yourself time and again, and your resourcefulness seems to rival even that of Kurzen himself.  You may be the salvation of our band of rebels...if you can pit yourself against Kurzen and prevail!$B$BHe commands his men from deep within the Stockpile.  You must enter that cave, brave through his defenders, and face Kurzen and his leaders.$B$BFarewell, $N.  My hope, and the fate of my men, go with you.","Kill 6 Kurzen Elite, 4 Kurzen Subchiefs, and bring Kurzen's Head to Lieutenant Doren at the Rebel Camp.","I dared not believe the reports, but you bring us proof that... Kurzen and his leaders are defeated. You have saved us!$B$BThese jungles are filled with menaces of all types, but none had the cruel intellect of Kurzen. We may all breathe easier now that he is gone.","","","","",""
203,"The Second Rebellion","We're fighting a losing battle with Colonel Kurzen.  Not only is he a brilliant tactician, he outnumbers us at least 10 to 1!  To survive, we need to use his own, covert tactics against him.$B$BEnter his camp to the east and kill his men.  Lots of them.  And get out before reinforcements can close on you.","Kill 15 Kurzen Jungle Fighters.$B$BReturn to Sergeant Yohwa at the Rebel Camp.","Well done. The loss of those Jungle Fighters will relieve some of the pressure on our camp.$b$bBut now that you've had a taste of the forces we're up against, do you still want to throw your lot in with us??","","","","",""
204,"Bad Medicine","To have a chance against Kurzen, we need his healing support neutralized.  He has gathered around him a large number of Medicine Men who heal his forces with Jungle Remedies and poison our fighters with Venom Fern Extracts.$B$BWe need those remedies to cure our own people, and we need a sample of those extracts to study so we can make our own remedies.  Search the Kurzen Compound for both - his Medicine Men will have the remedies, and the extracts are probably stowed in some of the camp's supply boxes.","Bring 7 Jungle Remedies and 1 Venom Fern Extract to Sergeant Yohwa at the Rebel Camp.","Well done, $N. These remedies will keep more of us alive and in fighting shape. And the extracts will help us create our own remedies.","","","","",""
205,"Troll Witchery","While I study those legends you acquired, gather for me implements of evil troll magic.  Enter the territory of the Skullsplitter trolls, a second tribe to the distant south, and acquire Skullsplitter Fetishes from their Witchdoctors and Mystics.","Bring 4 Skullsplitter Fetishes to Brother Nimetz at the Rebel Camp.","Thank you.  I will study these fetishes and see if they hold the secret of Kurzen's fall into evil.","","","","",""
206,"Mai'Zoth","Kurzen may be dead, but...that which drove him to evil still lives!  Through my studies I have discovered this: An Ogre Mage - Mai'Zoth - dwells in an Ogre Mound within the eastern mountains of Stranglethorn.  He is rumored to employ mind-controlling magic, and I am positive that he corrupted Kurzen.$B$BIf Mai'Zoth is allowed to live, then his evil may influence others, and may even cause another Kurzen to surface.$B$BKill him, and bring me his Mind's Eye, the artifact he uses to corrupt others.","Bring the Mind's Eye to Brother Nimetz at the Rebel Camp.","Aha! You've done it! You are a great force for good, $N, and may your strength never fade!$B$BI will study this Mind's Eye and determine if it may be used for good. If not... then it must be destroyed.","","","","",""
207,"Kurzen's Mystery","Colonel Kurzen was once a great, noble man - I must find what caused his fall into depravity!  He may be under the sway of troll magic.  To confirm this, I must study some of their legends.$B$BThere are 4 tablets hidden within the troll ruins of Stranglethorn.  I must see what is written on these tablets!  Transcribe their markings and bring the transcriptions back to me.$B$BThe first tablet is in the Bal'lal Ruins, the second is in the Vile Reef, and the third and fourth are in the Ruins of Zul'Kunda.","Find the 4 tablets and bring their legends back to Brother Nimetz.","Thank you, $N.  I will study these legends to see if there is some link between the trolls and the evil that has possessed Colonel Kurzen.","","","","",""
208,"Big Game Hunter","$N, you are a hunter worthy of our company.  From the battlefields of Lordaeron to the deepest jungle, I have rarely witnessed such prowess with weaponry as you have demonstrated.$b$bYou have killed the ferocious Sin'Dall, the elusive Bag'thera and the treacherous Tethis.  But the true prize is the head of King Bangalash.  That white tiger is the reason I am here.  I've had my sights on him for quite some time now.  Kill King Bangalash and your hunting prowess is proven to be second to none.","Hemet Nesingwary wants you to bring him the head of King Bangalash, the great white tiger.","Bloody well done! Right-o! Congratulations, $N, for succeeding where others have failed.$B$BI am honored to count you as a comrade of our great hunting party here. No one will ever doubt your expertise in hunting and tracking!$B$BCheers to you, I say! Cheers!","","","","",""
209,"Skullsplitter Tusks","It's expensive and hard to kill enough tigers to support the export of tiger fangs to the islands in the South Seas. Luckily, we've developed a technique that allows us to take mundane horn-like objects and turn them into undetectable forgeries.$b$bThe closest match we've found, amazingly, are the tusks of the Skullsplitter trolls.$b$bHey, before you say anything, what the buyer doesn't know doesn't hurt them, am I right? Bring me a large number of them so we can get to work on the monthly shipment!","Acquire 18 Skullsplitter Tusks and return them to Kebok.","Ah, good work, good work! Ugh, though you could have done a better job cleaning off the-- Well, no matter, no matter! My thanks to you, $n, our operation will no doubt see increased output and productivity thanks to your help! Good good, now, onto other matters...","","","","",""
210,"Krazek's Cookery","I do most of the cooking at the camp.  And it used to be a lot of work, until I bought a mechanical cooking pot from a goblin merchant in Booty Bay.  The pot is a wonder!  It saved me countless hours...until it broke!$B$BCan you take the pot back to the goblin for me so he can fix it?  His name is Krazek.","Bring Krazek's Crock Pot to Krazek the goblin.","Oh I see, it's a Krazek's Crock Pot! An ingenious piece of work, but it can break a spring or throw a gear now and then. Let me see what's wrong with this one...$b$bAha! Its steam charger is rusted out, it has a cracked knuckle-gasket and its fobulator is missing teeth. I'm surprised the pot could even boil a turnip in this state!$b$bCan I fix it? Of course I can fix it!$b$bBut there's a price. Oh yes, there is always a price...","","","","",""
211,"Alas, Andorhal","Alas, the time to attack Andorhal and drive out the lich that controls it is upon us!$B$BInside the ruins of the city is where the lich - Araj the Summoner - holds dominion.  He is guarded by numerous Scourge surrounding the remains of city's center, and his personal retinue of guardians attached to him directly is formidable.  You will need numerous allies to even stand a chance of facing him successfully.$B$BDestroy Araj, $N, and bring me a shard from his phylactery as proof!","Bring Araj's Phylactery Shard to Commander Ashlam Valorfist at Chillwind Camp, Western Plaguelands.","You've done it! Araj... the lich is finally defeated!$B$BYou've done a tremendous service to the Alliance on this day, $N. Your bravery and perseverance are a testament to what it means to be a true hero. Please - accept this as a token for all to see and know that you have delivered the Alliance a victory for the ages!","","","","",""
212,"A Meal Served Cold","One of my most famous dishes is Chilled Basilisk in Lime Vinaigrette.  But the problem is... the meat is impossible to keep fresh, and I must serve the dish tonight for a noble's birthday!$B$BSo if you can bring me a Chilled Basilisk Haunch from a freshly-killed Cold Eye Basilisk, quickly, then I will owe you a king's feast!$B$BCold Eye Basilisks are known to roam along the beach dunes of northwestern Stranglethorn, so you have much traveling to do.  And be swift!","Kill a Cold Eye Basilisk, get a Chilled Basilisk Haunch, and return it to Angus Stern in the Blue Recluse.$B$B<You must not release your spirit to succeed in this quest.>","Ah, this will do nicely! Many, many thanks!$b$bNow if you'll excuse me, I must get the haunch chopped, marinated and garnished for the banquet.","","","","",""
213,"Hostile Takeover","He's done it this time! Bad enough that Gelriz's muscling out the moguls who were appointed by the trade princes, now he tries to cut in on the most notorious pirate!$b$bRevilgaz won't have it, and he's told me to take care of the problem in my own way.$b$bMy way? Theft. The Venture Co. geologists near Lake Nazferiti are deeply interested in those strange blue crystals they have been finding in the mines. Bring me samples of the stone from their geologists, I don't care what you have to do to get them.","Retrieve 8 Tumbled Crystals and return them to Kebok in Booty Bay.","Fascinating. That the crystals have been tumbled using this process can only indicate that they are planning to use them as some sort of fuel or other catalyst. I don't know much more than that. Samples will have to be dispatched to Head Chemist Gigglefont.","","","","",""
214,"Red Silk Bandanas","It's no secret that the trademark of the Defias Gang is their Red Bandanas.  But we've learned that the material from which these bandanas are made signifies the member's rank.$b$bThat being said, I want you to eliminate as many high ranking Defias members as you can.  The highest ranking members will undoubtedly be found in VanCleef's secret hideout.  When you're done bring me 10 Red Silk Bandanas as proof of their deaths and I will reward you.  Good luck, $N.","Scout Riell at the Sentinel Hill Tower wants you to bring her 10 Red Silk Bandanas.","Well done, $N! On behalf of The People's Militia I salute you for your efforts. Soon we will return this land to the people with help from brave souls like you.","","","","",""
215,"Jungle Secrets","Thank you for saving me, $N.  I know how this looks, but...allow me to explain.$B$BI was charged by Lieutenant Doren to re-enlist with Kurzen's men, so that I might spy on them and bring sorely needed intelligence to the rebels.  You saw here what I had thought would be my chance to infiltrate Kurzen's Compound.  I was wrong, and again, thanks for saving me.$B$BThis was a top secret mission, so you must tell no one.  But if you speak with Doren he will explain.","Speak with Lieutenant Doren at the Rebel Camp.","Yes, what Thorsen told you is true. You must be discrete with this. At one time, we rebels were fiercely loyal to Colonel Kurzen. But such was Kurzen's corruption, our passion twisted into rage.  If it was made known that Private Thorsen has had recent dealings with Kurzen's men, then one night he would find himself with a slit throat.$b$bTo my knowledge, only Sergeant Yohwa, Thorsen and I were privy to Thorsen's mission. But there must be another. A traitor.","","","","",""
216,"Between a Rock and a Thistlefur","The Thistlefur furbolgs are threatening our expansion!  Thistlefur Village to our east blocks the way between us here and the Splintertree Post.  It's a path that would circumvent the village of Astranaar; without it, we give the Alliance an extra expansion path.$B$B$N, we must not allow... an expansion path gap!$B$BProceed to Thistlefur Village and thin out the furbolgs.  You will be given compensation for this task, but more importantly you will be doing your duty for the Horde!","Take down 12 Thistlefur Avengers and 12 Thistlefur Shaman; most are located east of Zoram Strand in Thistlefur Village.  Once completed, return to Karang Amakkar at Zoram'gar Outpost, Ashenvale.","Well done $c, well done!  I will continue to send forces to thin out the furbolg, but I can at least count on a different path that will be free of Alliance entanglements.  The Horde conquest of Ashenvale is now in full swing!$B$BYou've earned your pay this day, hero.  I salute you!","","","","",""
217,"In Defense of the King's Lands","$N, our scouts have identified the leader of this recent Trogg incursion.  It appears that these beasts in Loch Modan are following the lead of a chieftain named Grawmug.  Grawmug is heavily guarded, however.  Two of his most elite guards, Gnasher and Brawler, never leave his side.$b$bIf you feel yourself worthy, $N, I want you to lead the assassination mission on Grawmug and his two thugs.  With the Trogg leadership dead, we just might stand a chance at pushing these beasts back into the ground.","Kill the Trogg leader, Grawmug, and his two guards, Gnasher and Brawler then report back to Captain Rugelfuss in the southern guard tower.","Most excellent, $N! You have brought hope to Loch Modan. With Grawmug dead, we stand a better chance of seeing the Troggs eliminated from the land.","","","","",""
218,"The Stolen Journal","My journal! They took it away to the cave. The one that had it... It was a big brute with some odd markings on his skin and face. I didn't get a much better look than that.$b$bYou've had some luck with the trolls, maybe you could go get it back for me?","Grelin Whitebeard wants you to kill Grik'nir the Cold, and retrieve his journal.","Wonderful, $n! Many thanks for retrieving my notebook. Well, it would seem that the troll situation here in Coldridge Valley is under control and not much cause for worry.$b$bAfter I put the finishing touches on my report, I'll need someone to courier it to my brother Senir.","","","","",""
219,"Missing In Action","At last, friends of the Alliance!$b$bHelp... please... $b$bThe last thing I remember these foul Orcs overpowered our regiment.  Most the men were killed. I took a strong blow to the head and everything went black. Now I am held captive in this cave.  Help me, I am hurt badly.$b$bI'll need help getting back to town... please... you're my last hope...","Protect Corporal Keeshan on the journey back to Redridge.","You have served the Kingdom well, $C.  Thank you for assisting Corporal Keeshan with his escape from those dreaded Blackrock Orcs.  You shall be rewarded for your brave acts this day.","Escort Corporal Keeshan back to Redridge","","","",""
220,"Call of Water","Islen will have one more task for you before rewarding you with your next totem. The vial of water I've given you is necessary for whatever that task is.$B$BGo now and find her. We shall meet again some day.","Bring the Vial of Purest Water to Islen Waterseer in the Barrens.","Ah, a vial of water created and blessed by Brine, and gathered by you, no less.$B$BThe liquid in this vial will be key in creating a sapta for you, but also used in one other task.$B$BThe sapta I create for you should be used to see the water spirits at the shrine in Silverpine Forest, south of the Undercity. The remaining drops, well, the remaining drops I will tell you about if you feel you are ready.$B$BAre you prepared for one more journey, $N?","","","","",""
221,"Worgen in the Woods","You might have noticed some larger worgen wandering around with the Shadow Weavers in the woods? From what we can tell, these Dark Runners make up the bulk of the worgen numbers.$b$bOn my rangings, I've also noticed that they have overrun the Rotting Orchard southwest of town. These worgen are a bit tougher than the last you faced.$b$bBe on your guard.","Kill 12 Nightbane Dark Runner worgen for Calor in Darkshire.","You performed well against the Dark Runners, $N. But it seems as though their numbers are inexhaustible. Every time we make progress, more spring up to refill their ranks.$b$bWhat is the evil power that draws them here? Why have they come to disturb our unhappy realm...$b$bI will put my faith in Master Carevin. No doubt he will get to the bottom of the problem.","","","","",""
222,"Worgen in the Woods","Your previous accomplishments have convinced me that you are ready to take on the toughest worgen infesting the woods.$b$bOf the worgen that have made their new home here, the Vile Fangs and the Tainted Ones have proven the most dangerous. They've settled down near some of the caves and in the mine to the south.$b$bFrom far away you can even see the light from their bonfires...","Kill 8 Nightbane Vile Fang and 8 Nightbane Tainted One worgen for Calor in Darkshire.","$N, to be honest with you, I did not believe that you would get this far, but you are clearly a $C to be reckoned with. In fact, if you wish to formally join Master Carevin's struggle, I will gladly write for you a letter of recommendation.","","","","",""
223,"Worgen in the Woods","Here you go, $n. Bring this message to Master Carevin.$b$b<He quickly removes a piece of faded parchment and offers it to you.>$b$bA few more like you, and we will outnumber the Night Watch! Perhaps then we could complete the work that we few carry on today.","Bring Calor's note to Jonathan Carevin.","Excuse me for my cold reception, $N, but as I'm sure you can tell, I am an extremely busy man. I see that you have impressed Calor--and I assure you, that is no small feat--and that he has given his recommendation.$b$bThere are unsavory types afoot, $N, and we can use the help of all who have proven themselves. We battle against demons, the undead, and those who would provide them aid. Be vigilant, be wary, and trust none who would not give aid to our cause.$b$bGlory under the Light.","","","","",""
224,"In Defense of the King's Lands","We need to protect the Loch, $N!  With so many of the King's soldiers fighting valiantly on remote battlefields, we've become overwhelmed on the home front.  Troggs are tunneling up from every crevice!  The Trogg infestation poses the largest threat to Ironforge.  These disgusting mutants must be destroyed.$b$bWe need you, brave adventurer, to venture forth and lay waste to the Trogg threat.  Slay 10 Stonesplinter Troggs and 10 Stonesplinter Scouts and report back.","Mountaineer Cobbleflint of the southern guard tower wants you to kill 10 Stonesplinter Troggs and 10 Stonesplinter Scouts.","Well done, $N! You demonstrated uncanny courage on the battlefield. Our war against the Troggs will be won with efforts such as yours. You have served King Magni well.$b$bIf you fancy yourself well-suited for this kind of adventuring, I suggest you speak with Mountaineer Gravelgaw. The Captain has him assigned to a rough patrol that I am sure he can use some help with. Check with Gravelgaw just inside the tower.","","","","",""
225,"The Weathered Grave","The weathered grave marker reads simply:$b$bMORGAN LADIMORE$b$b<Upon further examination, you notice that dirt over the grave has been recently disturbed, and that a good amount of the dirt seems to have been displaced...>","Speak with Sirra Von'Indi in Darkshire.","Morgan Ladimore?$b$bAhh, yes, of course. His was a long and sorrowful tale. I knew him, well, before he left for the war, but that was the last time I saw him. A noble and good man, he was, but he suffered a bad end.$b$bHere, I should have something here that can tell the tale better than my own recollections...","","","","",""
226,"Wolves at Our Heels","Sven and I have dangerous days ahead of us, what with the Necromancer to the east and all.  And out here alone as we are, we have to hunt for our own food.  It seems every time I'm heading back to camp with some meat on me, starving or rabid dire wolves come out of the forest wanting a bite.  It goes without saying, living out here is dangerous work!$B$BBut if you can rid us of some of those wolves, we'd have an easier time of it.  They mostly prowl north and east of here, near the river.","Kill 12 Starving Dire Wolves and 8 Rabid Dire Wolves, then return to Lars at Sven's Camp on the western border of Duskwood.","Oh good. You thinned out that pack quite a bit, and without those wolves nipping out our heels, we can bind our minds to dealing with Morbent Fel.$B$BHere, take some of these Flash Bundles. They make them in town, and a lot have been donated to Sven to help with his cause.","","","","",""
227,"Morgan Ladimore","<He searches through the shelves and comes up with a leatherbound book.>$b$bIf you would like to know more, you might ask Althea, she's been the one to handle the... trouble... with him of late.","Speak with Commander Althea Ebonlocke in Darkshire.","Morgan Ladimore? Never heard of...$b$bOh, you mean Mor'Ladim! I guess you haven't heard the story?$b$bWell, I'll give you the short version. A wandering undead calling itself Mor'Ladim has been wandering Duskwood. From what we've gathered, it appears to be the undead body of Morgan Ladimore, of whom you apparently know. He's been causing us all sorts of problems, attacking Watchmen on patrol and killing people.$b$b<She sizes you up.>$b$bYou seem to be capable enough, maybe you could lay him to rest.","","","","",""
228,"Mor'Ladim","From what my scouts tell me, Mor'Ladim wanders throughout Duskwood, following a strange and meandering path through the cemetery. We buried him out past the house on the hill, you know where that is?$b$bThere isn't anything I can do to help you, but I wish you good luck.","Kill Mor'Ladim, then return his skull to Commander Althea Ebonlocke in Darkshire.","You killed him? That's no small accomplishment, $N! On behalf of the people of Darkshire and the Night Watch, I thank you.$B$BAh... there is one small matter, however...","","","","",""
229,"The Daughter Who Lived","I should have told you this earlier...$b$bHow do I put this...$b$bMorgan may have believed that his family was all dead, but, in fact, his daughter Sarah Ladimore is now a Watcher. She's always been troubled by the... circumstances... surrounding her father's death. Perhaps you could go to bring the news to her.","Speak with Watcher Sarah Ladimore in Darkshire.","Yes? My father...$B$B<Her eyes become downcast.>$B$BI wish... there was something I could have done for him... If only I had talked to him before he...","","","","",""
230,"Sven's Camp","Digging through the mound, you find a small, dirt-stained book.$B$BThe book has no title, but...it has information Sven would like to know.","Bring the Book from Sven's Farm to Sven.","<Sven reads the book's pages, then slams it shut.>$B$BThat shadowy figure I saw was a witness to my family's death! There are questions I'd like to ask that man...if only I knew who he was!","","","","",""
231,"A Daughter's Love","Here, take this and lay it on his grave. Maybe... somehow, he'll know that I'm okay, and that none of us hold him responsible for what happened.$b$b<There are tears in her eyes now, as she slides a ring from her right hand, and presses it into your hands.>$b$bAnd... thank you, $n.","Take Sarah Ladimore's ring to Morgan Ladimore's grave.","<A ghostly voice sounds on the wind...>$B$BThis is...? Sarah? Could it be she's still alive? The weight is removed from my shoulders...$B$B$N. Take my sword, Archeus. As my soul is put to rest, I have no more need for it. It was forged to do good, and though I have proved myself unworthy to hold it, perhaps you will carry on the Light through it.$B$BLys, my love...","","","","",""
232,"Errand for Apothecary Zinge","The Royal Apothecary Society needs your assistance.  Listen closely, and both of us may profit from my plan.$B$BApothecary Keever in the next room may be... touched... but his research does potentially bear fruit if it were pursued by a clever researcher.  Fortunately, I am such a researcher.  I want you to take this purchase order to Alessandro Luca, the proprietor of Blue Moon Odds and Ends; he'll give you a testing kit.  When you have it, bring it back to me and I'll outline your task in detail.","Take the purchase order to Alessandro Luca in the Undercity.","Ah, Zinge needs a kit, does she?  It saddens me that Zinge does not choose to grace myself with her sweet presence.$B$BVery well, let me procure a kit for you.","","","","",""
233,"Coldridge Valley Mail Delivery","Hm, I don't suppose you'd be willing to do a favor for me, $g lad : lass;? A stack of letters came through the pass today, but I don't have the time to send them along.$b$bThey're all addressed to Talin Keeneye. You can find him to the west down the road. He's set up camp next to the frozen lake.$b$bWhat do you say?","Deliver the stack of letters to Talin Keeneye.","Thank you, I've been waiting for these letters for quite some time...$b$bUnfortunately, these letters aren't all for me. This one is addressed to Grelin Whitebeard. He's not too far away if you'd like to deliver it to him.","","","","",""
234,"Coldridge Valley Mail Delivery","If I remember correctly, Grelin's camp is down the road to the southeast. No doubt he'll be eager to get his mail.","Deliver the letter to Grelin Whitebeard.","Ahh, excellent. It's been a while since I received word from Ironforge.","","","","",""
235,"The Ashenvale Hunt","Attention, young adventurers!  The wilds of Ashenvale await you!$B$BThe Horde has established a strong presence in the lands north of the Barrens.  Our two outposts - Splintertree Post and the Zoram Strand Outpost - strive to bring glory to the Horde!  Those who would prove themselves should seek out guidance there.  Of note: Senani Thunderheart in Splintertree Post, directly north of the Barrens, seeks adventurers willing to take part in a great hunt of Ashenvale!","Speak with Senani Thunderheart at Splintertree Post, Ashenvale.","Welcome to the new frontier, $N.  Ashenvale is a land of opportunity, one where a young $c like yourself is able to find boundless chances to prove their mettle.  Look around the outpost here, and be sure to travel out to the Zoram Strand, as the Horde has another outpost there as well.$B$BYour presence here tells me that you've come to learn more about the hunt.  Listen close, and I will gladly share with you what you need to know.","","","","",""
236,"Watcher Callahan","A few weeks ago, I dispatched Watcher Callahan and a few others to the northern border of Duskwood to deal with the wolf infestation. I haven't heard word from him for quite some time. If he followed my instructions, he'll be camped out on the road north from Darkshire. $B$BIf it's on your way, please check up on him and inform him that I am awaiting a progress report from him.","Speak with Watcher Callahan.",\N,\N,\N,\N,\N,\N
237,"In Defense of the King's Lands","Mountaineer Cobbleflint had nothing but good things to say about you, $r.  For that reason I am going to entrust upon you a mission of utmost importance.  We need to keep pressure on the invading Trogg forces until our Dwarven brethren return from the Alliance front.$b$bSet forth into the southern hills and kill 10 Stonesplinter Skullthumpers and 10 Stonesplinter Seers.  Your attacks will buy us some time.  Report back when your mission is complete.","Mountaineer Gravelgaw in the southern guard tower wants you to kill 10 Stonesplinter Skullthumpers and 10 Stonesplinter Seers and report back to him.","You accomplished your mission well, $R. The King himself would be proud.$B$BThe reinforcements promised to us never showed, however. Apparently the Alliance front is a sea of crimson from the blood of our fallen brethren. The news of the losses leaves a bitter taste in one's mouth. But we must not let their deaths go for naught. We must rally in these grim times and bring glory back to the Alliance.$B$BSpeak with Mountaineer Wallbang for reassignment. You're needed now more than ever.","","","","",""
238,"Errand for Apothecary Zinge","The kit is ready, $n.  No doubt that Apothecary Zinge will want this as soon as possible.  Take it to her without delay, and let her know that I will add the cost of the kit to the Society's tab.  Also, please extend to her my warmest salutations.$B$BWell, don't just stand there.  Such is the life of a simple courier, yes?","Bring the Field Sampling Kit to Apothecary Zinge in the Undercity.","Good - it pleases me to be working with someone who takes pride in not wasting my time.$B$BAfter I make some adjustments to this kit, you'll be ready to head out into the field.  You'll be using it to collect some vital data to the task at hand.$B$BIt will take just a moment for me to finish the modifications.  While you are waiting, you should probably start thinking about what you'd like to bring to the desert with you.$B$BYes, I said the desert.","","","","",""
239,"Westbrook Garrison Needs Help!","The Garrison on our western border sends word of increasing gnoll and thief activity.  They're requesting we send more Stormwind soldiers... but we just don't have any to spare!$B$BIf you can help, we could use it.  Go and speak with Deputy Rainer at the Westbrook Garrison and see what he needs done.$B$BThe Garrison is down the road to the west.  After you cross the bridge over the small brook it will be to the right.","Go to the Westbrook Garrison and speak with Deputy Rainer.","Marshall Dughan sent you, eh?  Well you're not from the army, but if Dughan sent you then that's good enough for me!$B$BOur situation is, to say the least, a stressed one.  I hope you can give us a hand.","","","","",""
240,"Return to Jitters","And here we are - \"Crab\" Cakes ala Grual!","Return to Jitters with the Dusky Crab Cakes.","Aha! Thank you, $N. Those really hit the spot!$B$BAnd here, please let me pay you for these!","","","","",""
243,"Into the Field","You will be headed to the Tanaris desert, testing the tissue consistency of the basilisks, scorpids, and hyena native there.  Obtain tissue samples and use them with the testing kit in tow; expect a chunk of the samples to fail.  I need eight acceptable samples of each creature type.$B$BIn addition, the goblins of Gadgetzan have a power source that must be used with this kind of modified kit.  Speak to Chief Engineer Bilgewhizzle and acquire one for the kit.$B$BReturn to me only when you are successful.","Speak to Chief Engineer Bilgewhizzle in Gadgetzan about getting a power source for the testing kit.","Ah, our model 4711-FTZ power sources!  We normally use them to power the water wells, but THANKS TO THE VILE NOMADS, we have an over abundance of power sources right now.$B$BSure, I can get you a power source for whatever nefarious science experiment you think you're trying to hide from me.  It ain't gonna be free though, $r.  Nothing's free in Gadgetzan.","","","","",""
244,"Encroaching Gnolls","Hail, $c.  I am charged to patrol this stretch of road.  Although the road is safe for now, I've seen gnoll encampments to the north and east of here.$B$BLakeshire must know of the gathering gnoll force!  Report to Deputy Feldon in Lakeshire and tell him of the gnolls.  Do this, and I'm sure Feldon will offer you a scout's wage.$B$BFeldon's usually inspecting the area south of the bridge to Lakeshire.","Report to Deputy Feldon.","There are Redridge gnolls that close to Elwynn?? They may be poised to advance into our homeland. Soon the people of Lakeshire may not be the only humans under siege!$b$bHere is your pay, though you bring us dire news. And it comes at a bad time, for we are ill equipped to deal with it.","","","","",""
245,"Eight-Legged Menaces","Hail, $c. Perhaps you've seen those spiders that have taken over the western border? The eight-legged menaces are too much for us to handle, and the Commander hasn't enough manpower to spare so far from Darkshire.$b$bI hate to ask this of you, but you seem like you might be able to handle them. I can't promise you anything of great value, but I can reward you if you can help root out the filthy bugs.$b$bOh, and a word of advice, you'll want to avoid their venom if you can.","Kill 15 Pygmy Venom Web Spiders, and then report back to Watcher Dodds in Duskwood.","Ah! You're back. And not too much worse for wear, it'd seem. Of course, $N, the Night Watch is grateful for your work, and I did promise you a reward, so here.","","","","",""
246,"Assessing the Threat","We don't have men to spare, but something must be done about those gnolls you reported to me.$B$BScout southern Redridge for gnolls.  Harry them, kill those you can and report back to me with a count of their numbers and an assessment of the threat they present.$B$BDo this for the Stormwind Army, $N, and you will be rewarded.","Kill 6 Redridge Thrashers, 9 Redridge Mongrels and 6 Redridge Poachers, then report back to Deputy Feldon in Lakeshire.","<Deputy Feldon listens to your report...>$b$bThere's a sizable force of gnolls encamped there, and from what you tell me they are tough ones. It must not have been easy for you to gather this intelligence.$b$bHere you are, $N. We are grateful for your aid.$b$bAnd if you haven't already done so, speak with Marshal Marris and Magistrate Solomon within Lakeshire. Our situation grows ever more desperate - those two will have need of you I'm sure.","","","","",""
247,"The Hunt Completed","","","$N, you have slain all three beasts that comprise the Ashenvale Hunt.  You have brought me adequate proof of their demise; there is no question of your strength and tenacity.  The blood of a hunter streaks through your veins, and you should be commended!$B$BPlease, accept this bauble as a sign of congratulations on your mighty deeds done in Ashenvale for the Horde today.  May your ancestors watch over you!","","","","",""
248,"Looking Further","I have been watching the Tower of Ilgalar, and can detect that Morganth is in conflict with the Orcs in Stonewatch Keep.  I do not know the reason behind their contention, but you may aid me in unraveling this mystery.$B$BTake another Glyph of Azora, then go to the top of the intact watch tower beside Stonewatch Keep.$B$BFind a suitable object on which to place the Glyph.  A chest or a jar -- some place where the glyph will not be noticed -- will suit my purpose.","Climb the intact watch tower beside Stonewatch Keep.$B$BFind a suitable container to place the Glyph of Azora.","It is a suitable vessel for the Glyph of Azora, allowing Theocritus to delve into the minds within Stonewatch Keep.","","","","",""
249,"Morganth","After much observation, I have discovered Morganth's plans.$B$BHe searches for the Scythe of Elune...and he may have found it!  If he has, then the Redridge Mountains, and the kingdom of Stormwind, will soon feel his dark might.$B$BI am not prepared to pit myself against Morganth, but I fear he must be dealt with now.  So you must enter the Tower of Ilgalar and face Morganth.$B$BDefeat him, and bring me his Pendant of Shadow.  Do this, and the kingdom will owe you much.","Defeat Morganth.$B$BBring his Pendant of Shadow to Theocritus at the Tower of Azora in Elwynn Forest.","You have done well, $N. In defeating the warlock Morganth, Stormwind is saved from a grave peril.$B$BI offer you this reward most humbly. And I would bid you peace, if these were peaceful times.$B$BBut instead, I will bid you luck with your trials, and victory in the conflicts ahead.","","","","",""
250,"A Dark Threat Looms","Thank the stars someone is concerned about the well-being of the Dam.  First the destruction of the Thandol Span and then the pillaging of Dun Modr!  I have no doubt that the Dam will be the target of the next Dark Iron threat.  Most of the security detail here was reassigned to the Alliance Front, including my top inspector.$b$bThat's why I need you, $N.  I spotted some Dark Iron Sappers milling about the eastern ramp of the Dam.   Investigate the area and bring back a clue.","Investigate the area near the eastern ramp of the Dam and bring Chief Engineer Hinderweir a clue that might reveal what the Dark Iron Dwarves are up to.","The suspicious looking barrel contains a strange smelling powder.","","","","",""
251,"Translate Abercrombie's Note","Take the note you gave me to Sirra Von'Indi.  He's very learned in languages and ancient arts - if anyone here can translate this message, it's he.","Bring the Letter to Ello to Sirra Von'Indi.","<Sirra begins translating the note...>","","","","",""
252,"Translation to Ello","Oh my!  If what is written on this note is true, then Abercrombie's done something...unspeakable.$B$BYou better bring the translated note back to Ello.$B$BAnd do so quickly, for I fear a doom already lumbers toward our town...","Bring the Translated Letter to Lord Ello Ebonlocke","<Ello reads the letter...and his face goes white. He then looks at you...>$b$bAlthough the aid you gave Abercrombie may have been motivated from kindness, your actions have doomed our town.$b$b<Ello becomes lost in his thoughts...>","","","","",""
253,"Bride of the Embalmer","The Embalmer is a name told in one of our children's stories.  He was a kindly alchemist, driven mad by the death of his wife, Eliza.  To restore her, he used dark magic to place his own heart within the bosom of his dead spouse.$B$BThis revived Eliza...but it cursed her with a hunger for human flesh, forcing the Embalmer to keep her buried.$B$BHis heart is his power.  Find his wife's grave, retrieve his heart, and bring it to me while it still beats.  Do this and his power will be broken.","Find Eliza's grave.  Retrieve the Embalmer's Heart from her, then return to Ello Ebonlocke.","You've done it! The magic within his heart will be proof against the Embalmer's evil, and a powerful aegis over the town of Darkshire.$B$BYou have done a great thing for our people, $N. Your name will remain in our annals forever.","","","","",""
254,"Digging Through the Dirt","","","You dig through the semi-loose dirt over the grave...and find the remains of a coffin.$B$BWithin the coffin you can feel the vibrating scrapes of clawed fingers and the gnashing of rotted teeth...$B$BWill you open the coffin and retrieve the Embalmer's heart?","","","","",""
255,"Mercenaries","Two months just to hear from Ironforge that we'll be spared a handful of soldiers for our own defense, and another two months until they arrive! Bad enough that our town goes unprotected, but the excavation and the dam--the dam!--are open to attacks as well.$b$bI've no choice then, it seems. I'll need hired arms.$b$bHow about you? You seem a likely sort, $c. A group of ogres has set up camp on the northeast of the lake. Perhaps you could recruit some others and help remove the threat to our town?","Magistrate Bluntnose of Thelsamar has hired you to kill 4 Mo'grosh Ogres, 4 Mo'grosh Brutes and 4 Mo'grosh Enforcers.","Ah, this is excellent news! Your efforts are greatly appreciated by myself and the people of Thelsamar. Better yet, if we can solve the ogre problem, we'll be able to shift our focus to those Light-burning troggs.","","","","",""
256,"WANTED: Chok'sul","By order of the Magistrate of Thelsamar:$b$bChok'sul, the ogre presumed to be the leader and coordinator of attacks against the town of Thelsamar, Stonewrought Dam, and the excavation site, is wanted dead through any means necessary.$b$bMonetary compensation will be provided when proof is brought to the Magistrate of Chok'sul's death.$b$bChok'sul was last seen at the ogre encampment in the northeastern part of Loch Modan.","Kill Chok'sul and bring his head to Magistrate Bluntnose of Thelsamar.","Yech! What is that thing? And why would you bring it...$b$bBloody--! Is it? Well, Light burn me, is that the head of that bloody ogre? This certainly is a catch then! Here, your reward and the thanks of myself and the people of Thelsamar.","","","","",""
257,"A Hunter's Boast","Think you can match wits with Daryl the Bold, huh? I should think not! Of course, you're more than welcome to try. Here's a challenge that should prove to be above your abilities, so don't feel too bad if you can't face up to it.$b$bA flock of buzzards has nested here in Loch Modan. Why don't you try to take down some of the beasts? Tell you what, if you meet my challenge in fifteen minutes, I'll give you my bow or gun.$b$b<He looks you over dismissively.>$b$bIt seems you haven't much to lose, anyways.","Kill 6 Mountain Buzzards and return to Daryl the Youngling in the Farstrider Lodge within 15 minutes.","What? Success?$B$BTake it from me, $Nama, you don't let it get to your head. I mean, any unshaven boy with a bow could have killed such... small specimens. And I hope you don't enjoy killing the buzzards so much, yes? We wouldn't want them to become extinct.$B$BWell, err... Never let it be said that Daryl the Bold would not hold to his word.","","","","",""
258,"A Hunter's Challenge","$nath, is it? I can tell you're bursting with pride over completing the first test, hm? As I told you before, it's no large feat.$b$bYou should try your hand at boar hunting. Trust me, this is no Coldridge Valley boar hunt, so you'd best have a care with them. I'll give you just twelve minutes this time.$b$bDon't feel bad if you fail. I'd give you the shirt off my back if you succeeded!$b$bHave I ever related to you the story of how I received my famous scar? No? It was two years ago...","Kill 5 Elder Mountain Boars and return to Daryl the Youngling in the Farstrider Lodge within 12 minutes.","You seem a bit worse for wear. No doubt the boars gave you some trouble, hm? No worries, I will be discreet about your struggle, I can imagine how hard it must be for you without the accusations of wagging tongues.$B$BOh! You managed to kill the boars? I... well, that is... that is to say, I'm not surprised! Any child could have--bet?$B$BWhat bet?","","","","",""
261,"Down the Scarlet Path","I will be frank.  We are at war with the Scourge.  It is an evil that corrupts our people and infects our land.  It must be stopped before it overwhelms us and drags our world into shadow.  We of the Scarlet Crusade have sworn to fight the Scourge with body and soul.$B$BIf you are with us, then gather your courage and prove your allegiance--destroy the undead ravagers of Desolace, in the Valley of Bones to the south.$B$BDo this, and the Crusade will embrace you.","Destroy 30 Undead Ravagers, then return to Brother Anton at Nijel's Point.","You have proven your resolve, and the Scarlet Crusade commends you.$B$BIf you do not shy from righteous slaughter, then perhaps your path lies with us...","","","","",""
262,"The Shadowy Figure","I must know who was that skulker in the shadows I saw the night my family was killed!$B$BPlease, $N, you have shown your resourcefulness.  Please find that shadowy figure.  I must learn what secrets he holds!$B$BI do not have clues that you do not already know, but here - take the book you found at my farm.  Perhaps some of the townsfolk can link this book with its owner.","Take the book you found at Sven's farm and show it to townsfolk in Darkshire.","Hmm... Someone handled this book recently, someone who is driven by revenge. But the impressions left on it, at least the impressions from the original owner, are faint.$b$bI can tell, however, that the original owner of this book is not a native of Darkshire.","","","","",""
263,"In Defense of the King's Lands","The Mountaineers tell me you are quite brave and capable, $N.  We need a $r like you around here.  The Trogg problem isn't getting any better.  The reserves have been called to the front and we're all alone out here.  But now that we have a seasoned $c here, let's see what you can do.$b$bGo out and kill 10 Stonesplinter Shaman and 10 Stonesplinter Bonesnappers.  Let's see if you live up to your reputation, Trogg-Slayer.","Mountaineer Wallbang in the southern guard tower wants you to kill 10 Stonesplinter Shaman and 10 Stonesplinter Bonesnappers.","I knew the second I laid eyes on you, $N, that you would make Ironforge proud. You have served King Magni well. Now that you've proven yourself to be such a loyal aid to the Kingdom, perhaps you should talk with the Captain to see if he'll entrust you with a higher detail.$B$BI salute you, $N.","","","","",""
264,"Until Death Do Us Part","Filthy scum! Leaves me for his damn crusade. Because \"the Light is the most important thing we have against the threats the undead pose.\"$B$BWell, what about his children?! What about ME?! Night after night I sat patiently waiting for him... always second to his blasted duty!$B$BWell, witness what \"justice\" brings you, $N! He's dead and I'm bearing the very thing he was trying to stop!$B$BTake this piece of junk and put it on his tomb at the Sepulcher. I want nothing to do with it anymore... or him!","Place Clarice's Pendant on Yuriv's Tomb in Silverpine.","You place the worthless pendant on the grave, and the gemstone within the setting seems to dull noticeably.$b$bAs you stand to leave, you look down at the pendant; it lies lifelessly over the hands of the relief sculpted into the top of the coffin. Your thoughts are interrupted by a stiff, cool breeze passing over the Sepulcher. For a moment everything around you is silent.","","","","",""
265,"The Shadowy Search Continues","Here is your book back, $N, and I bid you fortune with your search.  If you ask others in town, perhaps they can offer you more clues.$B$BAnd here is one more for you - although the author of this book is a stranger to Darkshire, the book itself was purchased here.","See if other townsfolk have clues about the shadowy figure.","Ah, yes. I sold this book a month ago to a shady person. He didn't tell me his name, but he was a nervous, jittery chap, always looking over his shoulder.$B$BI hope that helps you...","","","","",""
266,"Inquire at the Inn","Here is your book, and good luck with your inquiries.$B$BYou might want to expand your search to the inn.  If the person whom you seek spent time in town, then chances are someone saw him there.","Search the inn for clues about the shadowy figure.","Oh yeah, I remember this book. Its owner rented a room for a few days, and spent his nights at the bar, writing.$B$BHe left town in a hurry, muttering about being hunted by...something. Last I saw him he was heading west out of town, looking for a new spot to hide.$B$BThe first place he'd find to the west is Raven Hill...","","","","",""
267,"The Trogg Threat","$C, you may or may not be aware of the Trogg threat looming over Dwarven lands.  With the Ironforge Reserve called up to the Alliance Front, we are left with a fraction of the defense forces needed to keep these lands safe.  My regiment is assigned to watch over the Gate here and we cannot leave our post for fear of invasion.$b$bBut we need some pressure put on those damned Troggs lurking in the hills.  If you're up to the task, wage an assault on the Troggs.  Bring me back 8 Trogg Stone Teeth as proof.","Bring 8 Trogg Stone Teeth to Captain Rugelfuss in the southern guard tower.","I am quite impressed, $N. You have done the Dwarven race a great favor by defending our lands. King Magni Bronzebeard himself would be proud!","","","","",""
268,"Return to Sven","The book you found was only half finished.  I had to leave it at Sven's farm when I fled there...$B$BHere.  Take my completed journal to Sven.  It describes more fully what happened at his farm.$B$BAlthough this journal has been my only company these past weeks, if giving it up keeps me from having to face Sven and his wrath, then I do it willingly!","Return to Sven with Jitters' completed journal.","This journal explains much to me, and sets me on the path against the dark riders! I have seen these riders in Duskwood, and have seen them speak with the wizard Morbent Fel, at the Forlorn Rowe.","","","","",""
269,"Seeking Wisdom","Go to the city of Stormwind and speak with Bishop Farthing in the Cathedral of Light.  Give him Jitters' journal and tell him you mean to face Morbent Fel.$B$BAlthough Stormwind has forsaken Darkshire, Farthing is a kind soul and very wise.  He may help you on your quest to save us.$B$BYour mission is perilous, but hurry, $N.  With each passing hour, the shadows of Duskwood grow ever darker.","Give Jitters' Completed Journal to Bishop Farthing in Stormwind.","<After reading the journal and hearing your intent...>$B$BAn evil taint has gained a foothold within the already beleaguered Duskwood. I thank the Light we have a hero such as you to face it.$B$BBut you must first prepare yourself for the coming trial...for the Necromancer Morbent Fel is immensely powerful, and has cast dark enchantments about himself to protect him from physical assaults. If you are to defeat him, you will need a weapon that is proof against these protections.","","","","",""
270,"The Doomed Fleet","Years ago, the Third Fleet of Kul'Tiras sunk along the coasts of The Wetlands, an expanse of marsh north of the Dwarven kingdom of Ironforge.  Aboard one ship was a load of Lightforge Iron.$B$BThis metal is precious to us, for items crafted from it strike with holy truth.  If you are to face Morbent Fel, then you will need such a weapon.$B$BGo to Menethil Harbor and speak with my dwarven colleague Glorin Steelbrow.  If that lost metal can be found, he'll know where to look.","Go to Menethil Harbor in the Wetlands, and speak with Glorin Steelbrow.","Lightforge Iron is a precious metal, but it sounds like your quest is a dire one. You've come a long way, $gBrother:Sister;. With luck, you might just find what you seek!$B$BAnd if you do get the iron, I know who can fashion it into a weapon against this Necromancer you speak of in Duskwood.","","","","",""
271,"Vyrin's Revenge","I don't suppose you'd be interested in a little payback for His Boldness? Daryl does have some skill, it pains me to say.$b$bA year ago, a large bear had been the target of the Farstrider Lodge, but none of the hunters had any luck with him. So, Daryl thought he'd try his hand against him. All he had to show for his effort was that ugly scar over his eye.$b$bKill the bear, and I'm sure even Daryl would be speechless for once.$b$bThe bear, Ol' Sooty, can be found around his lair in the hills over Thelsamar.","Kill Ol' Sooty then show your handiwork to Daryl the Youngling at the Farstrider Lodge.","Er... what's this? A bear's head, by the looks at it.$B$B<He runs a finger along his scar unconsciously.>$B$BWell, that's quite an interesting kill you have yourself there. Couldn't be that bear from back then...$B$B<He trails off then starts to visibly shake.>$B$BOh, take that away take it away! Get that grisly thing out of here!","","","","",""
272,"Trial of the Sea Lion","For the second trial, you'll need the two halves that make the Pendant of the Sea Lion.  One half draws power from the agility of the sea lion aspect, gliding through water; the other draws power from the incredible endurance of the sea lion aspect.  Druids draw on both these traits equally to embody the aspect of their aquatic form.$B$BSpeak with the locals of Moonglade to learn where the parts may lie, and bring both here to join them together.  Once formed, take the pendant to Dendrite Starblaze.","Find the Half Pendant of Aquatic Agility and the Half Pendant of Aquatic Endurance.  Speak with the residents of Moonglade to learn clues as to where these items may be located.$B$BForm the Pendant of the Sea Lion from the two pendant halves.  You need to be in proximity of the Shrine of Remulos to do this.$B$BBring the joined pendant to Dendrite Starblaze in the village of Nighthaven, Moonglade.","You've completed the Trial of the Sea Lion, $N - congratulations.$B$BEach task in acquiring the pendant shows that both agility and endurance are necessary to act in harmony with what you desire to do underwater. Neither can exist without the other, and both cannot be done without you willingness to embrace the aspect of the sea lion.$B$BRemember these lessons well, and count on them once you have gained your aquatic form.","","","","",""
273,"Resupplying the Excavation","It's not too late though, you're welcome to go look for Huldar. He can't have made it very far, strong as they are, Miran and Saean can only move so fast laden down with those barrels.$b$bThey're taking the normal route to the site, leaving south out of town and following the curve of the Loch.$b$bShouldn't have a problem finding them unless they've already gotten there.","Speak with Huldar.","Hmph, it'll take more than a Dark Iron ambush to stop the deliveries!$b$bBut Saean... I would never have suspected him to be one of their sympathizers. We've been working with him for almost a year now... maybe I missed the signs.$b$bWell, I'll consider that later.","Find Huldar, Miran, and Saean","","","",""
274,"A Dark Threat Looms","This ain't no ordinary blast powder.  Look at the tiny silver crystals.  And the distinct smell!  Why it's clear as daylight that this is Seaforium Powder.  Seaforium is harmless enough.  But once it's wet it could blow Ironforge out of the mountain.$b$bThe chemical reaction can be defused by mixing four components:  lurker venom, crushed Mo'Grosh crystal, a crocolisk tear and this disarming colloid.  Now tell Hinderweir before it's too late!","Ashlan Stonesmirk wants you to return to Chief Engineer Hinderweir and inform him of the new discovery.","A disarming colloid? For Seaforium? Oh heavens!","","","","",""
275,"Blisters on The Land","I do not know why, but a festering grows within the Wetlands.  Fen Creepers have risen.  They are diseased, fevered blisters on the land, and for the fever to break they must be dispatched and allowed to settle back into the marshes.$B$BThe Fen Creepers shamble amidst the waterways of the Wetlands.","Kill 12 Fen Creepers, then return to Rethiel the Greenwarden in the Wetlands.","This land is soothed by your efforts, and for this I will grant you a boon.","","","","",""
276,"Tramping Paws","The Mosshide Gnolls have lived in the Wetlands peacefully for many years, but now grow in numbers.  Their feet stamp flat the fen's bushes and flowers, and their foul axes cut too much wood to fuel their fires.$B$BThey are no longer in balance with the land.  For the Wetlands to survive, the Gnolls must be reduced.$B$BKill 15 Mosshide Gnolls and 10 Mosshide Mongrels.  Hunt them to the south, near the Dwarven gate of Algaz.  After you do this, return to me.","Kill 15 Mosshide Gnolls and 10 Mosshide Mongrels, then return to Rethiel the Greenwarden in the Wetlands.","By reducing the Gnolls' number, you have tended to the health of the Wetlands. Although my faith in your people has been taxed in the past, $R, it may yet be restored.","","","","",""
277,"Fire Taboo","The Mosshides are cutting the trees of the Wetlands, using the trees' flesh to warm themselves with fire.  I will suffer this pain no longer!$B$BRid the Mosshides of their crude flints, the tools they use to make fire.  The flints are borne by all Mosshides except the smaller Mosshide gnolls and Mosshide mongrels.","Bring Rethiel the Greenwarden 9 Crude Flints.","... thank you. I will smash these flints and cast them into the sea, so that they may never again be used to burn living wood.","","","","",""
278,"A Dark Threat Looms","Begin collecting the disarming materials immediately, $N.  Lurker Venom can be found on the indigenous spiders in Loch Modan.  Crocolisk tears are found here in the Loch as well.  But a Mo'Grosh crystal will be very difficult to procure.  The ogres to the northeast mine them but the crystals are a very rare commodity.$b$bWe need to be prepared to defuse a Dark Iron attack!  Return to me once you've collected the needed items and I will prepare the mixture.","Chief Engineer Hinderweir wants you to gather Lurker Venom, a Mo'grosh Crystal, and a Crocolisk Tear.","Just in time, $N!","","","","",""
279,"Claws from the Deep","Murlocs are crawling out from the deep waters and building their villages on the coastline.  They are harassing our fishers and merchants and must be stopped.$B$BOne of these murlocs, Gobbler, skulks with other bluegill murlocs and harries merchants along the road, always then retreating to the safety of the nearby murloc hovels.  Our merchants are in jeopardy, and we will pay to secure them.$B$BGobbler prowls the river inlet north of here.  Find him, slay his kin, and bring me his head.","Kill 12 Bluegill Murlocs.$B$BSlay Gobbler and take his head.$B$BBring Gobbler's Head to Karl Boran in Menethil Harbor.","Ah, well done $N.$b$bAccept this as payment for fulfillment of your contract with the Merchant Marines.","","","","",""
280,"A Dark Threat Looms","Earlier today I spotted some Dark Iron Insurgents swimming toward the Dam with a large keg.  No Mountaineers were on hand to stop them!  I'm afraid they've planted the Seaforium at the base of the Dam and it could blow at any minute!  Let me combine all these ingredients into the Disarming Mixture.  There we go.$b$bNow I need you to take this mixture and stir it into the keg before it's too late!  Hurry!","Chief Engineer Hinderweir wants you to swim down to the base of the dam, locate the powder keg and stir in the Disarming Mixture to prevent an explosion.","The keg fizzles slightly as the Disarming Mixture settles in.","","","","",""
281,"Reclaiming Goods","Not long ago a merchant vessel, the Blind Princess, was raided by Murlocs.  Although the ship escaped intact, much of its cargo was dragged overboard by the creatures, including a very valuable statuette of Terenas Menethil.  We want that statuette recovered.$B$BSearch the coastal Murloc hovels for crates, barrels and other evidence of lost cargo.  Find the Menethil Statuette and return it to me.","Search the crates and barrels at the coastal Murloc camps.","This crate is covered with clawed scratches, and the marks of water damage. Prying it open reveals soggy and rotted straw, as if something of value was stored in the crate. You search through the straw...$B$B...and find a an armload of red-colored bottles.","","","","",""
282,"Senir's Observations","I was planning on sending my apprentice to my brother Senir with my report, but I would feel much better were it placed in more... reliable hands. That is, of course, if you wouldn't mind?$b$bHmm... you'll have to take the tunnel to get to Kharanos.$b$bSpeak with Mountaineer Thalos before going through the tunnel. It's completely infested with troggs now.$b$bFollow the road back to Anvilmar, then keep heading east to the tunnel, Thalos is stationed nearby.","Speak with Mountaineer Thalos.","Hm, well, if Whitebeard is sending you to Dun Morogh on important business, I can't very well stop you, can I?$b$bAt least let me provide you with some advice and directions.","","","","",""
283,"A Dark Threat Looms","The keg fizzles slightly.","The Disarming Mixture seemed to take effect.  Return to Chief Engineer Hinderweir to report the good news.","Thank you so much, $N!! You have saved the Stonewrought Dam! Without your help, the Dark Iron terrorists would have surely seen to this mighty landmark's demise. You have made the Kingdom and the Alliance proud, brave $C.$b$bThe Dam is once again safe. . . for the time being at least. . . .","","","","",""
284,"The Search Continues","You thoroughly search this cluster of Murloc hovels, and find no trace of the Menethil Statuette.$B$BPerhaps one of the two nearby hovels to the north and northeast will have more clues.","Search for the Menethil Statuette.","This barrel is largely untouched. Prying it open...$B$B...you are assaulted by the pungent odor of cheese. It's a little wet, but still tasty!","","","","",""
285,"Search More Hovels","This grouping of Murloc hovels, after a thorough inspection, reveals nothing.$B$B...but you're certain that the next clue you find will be fruitful.$B$BOne of the hovels to the north must have the Menethil Statuette!","Continue searching the Murloc hovels for the Menethil Statuette.","This barrel is halfway buried amidst the mud and grass ...","","","","",""
286,"Return the Statuette","After pulling the barrel free from the muck and opening it, a silvery figurine is found packed in fine straw.  It depicts a young, long-haired Paladin with hammer upraised.$B$BThis must be the Menethil Statuette!  You must now return it to Karl Boran in Menethil Harbor.","Bring Karl Boran the Menethil Statuette.","The captain of the Blind Princess will be relieved to hear this precious cargo has been recovered. You have well earned this payment for services rendered.$B$BIt is good to see dependable folk like you, especially in trying times such as these.","","","","",""
287,"Frostmane Hold","I'm behind on my report, and could use your help, $n. I just managed to find where the trolls are holed up, but I saw so many trolls, I was afraid to go in.$b$bHere's what I need... Go down to the cave, poke around inside, kill a few of the trolls, then come back here.$b$bTake the road north out of Kharanos, when you get to the bridge, follow the frozen river west until you reach Iceflow Lake. You'll find Brewnall Village on the west bank. The Hold is southwest of the village.","Explore Frostmane Hold, and kill 5 Frostmane Headhunters for Senir Whitebeard in Kharanos.","Ah, $n! I didn't think you'd have much trouble finding the place, my directions are excellent, you know...$b$bLet me just finish up my report then.$b$b<He brings out some paper and scribbles on it momentarily.>$b$bThere! Well, haha, now this certainly is funny... I don't suppose, $n, that you would mind doing one last favor for me?","Fully explore Frostmane Hold","","","",""
288,"The Third Fleet","I was once First Mate on the Wave Mistress, ship-of-the-line in the Kul Tiras Third Fleet.  The Doomed Fleet.  Doomed, for on its last voyage the fleet was attacked  by Red Dragons.  Dragons controlled by Orcs!$B$BWe didn't stand a chance against that dragonfire...and our fleet was burned and sunk off this here coast.  I'm the sole survivor of those poor vessels...$B$B...Oh, my head hammers and pounds!  I'll need a fresh drink if I'm to get a handle on this hangover and continue my tale.","Buy First Mate Fitzsimmons a Flagon of Mead.","Ah! That hits the spot, and loosens the tongue. Thanks, mate!","","","","",""
289,"The Cursed Crew","<Bolstered, Fitzsimmons continues his tale...>$B$BI am the sole survivor of the ill-fated Third Fleet of Kul Tiras, wrecked off the coast to the north.  But although I'm the only member of the fleet still breathing, I'm not the only one still walking about!  For on one of our ships was hidden a great, and terrible treasure, and the eerie power of it keeps the souls of my brothers trapped within the ships' rotting hulls.$B$BBut if you can free some of my brothers, then perhaps you can break their curse.","Kill 13 Cursed Sailors, 5 Cursed Marines and First Mate Snellig.  Bring Snellig's Snuffbox to First Mate Fitzsimmons in Menethil Harbor.","My thanks to you, $N. And the gratitude of my cursed brethren goes to you as well.","","","","",""
290,"Lifting the Curse","To break the curse and free all of my brethren, the...thing...stowed on my ship must be retrieved and cleansed!  I don't know what it was, but I do know that it was stored securely in the ship's strongbox, which Captain Halyndor lorded over.$B$BMy old captain is still in my dreams.  I know he walks my doomed ship, the Intrepid.  Get the key from him, and use it to open the Intrepid's strongbox.$B$BThen, after you have the cursed thing, bring it to the priest Glorin Steelbrow in town.","Get the Intrepid Strongbox Key from Captain Halyndor.$B$BUse the key to open the Intrepid's Locked Strongbox.","The key is rusted but it fits the lock neatly.","","","","",""
291,"The Reports","Excellent! Take my report to Senator Barin Redstone. He's a sour type, so don't let his less-than-sunny disposition get to you. He's in Ironforge, in the chamber where King Magni holds court.$b$bDon't know the way to Ironforge? Take the road out of Kharanos north, cross the bridge, then follow the road east--there are large banners flanking the road--up the mountainside.$b$bBy the way, if you might avoid mentioning how you assisted me? Can't let them think I'm not working hard out here, you know?","Deliver Senir's report to Senator Barin Redstone in Ironforge.","<He quickly peruses the report.>$b$bAuthority of the KING!? Has Magni taken complete leave of his senses! And that damnable Whitebeard... Taken matters into his own hands, has he? The Senate will not be pleased to hear about this, not one bit.$b$bWhat, are you still here? Go, before I call the guards!","","","","",""
292,"The Eye of Paleth","Opening the chest reveals a blackened orb, pulsing with an eerie light.  It is the treasure of which Fitzsimmons spoke: a Cursed Eye of Paleth.$B$BTake the Cursed Eye of Paleth to the dwarven priest Glorin Steelbrow, in Menethil Harbor.  Ask him how to remove the Eye's curse.","Bring the Cursed Eye of Paleth to Glorin Steelbrow.","An Eye of Paleth? Amazing! Hmm... there's something wrong with this one. You found it on one of those shipwrecks? Well that explains it! But... I didn't know they had such an Eye on the Third Fleet...$B$BIt's no wonder Fitzsimmons was so spooked. A Cursed Eye of Paleth is no cause for mirth.","","","","",""
293,"Cleansing the Eye","I can't lift the curse from the Eye of Paleth.  The Eyes were crafted by Human Priests, so you'll have to go to Stormwind to find someone who can help you.  Speak with Archbishop Benedictus.  He is head of the Cathedral of Light in Stormwind.  He can help.$B$BI hope, for your sake.","Bring Archbishop Benedictus the Cursed Eye of Paleth.  Benedictus is in the Cathedral of Light, in the city of Stormwind.","An Eye of Paleth. But this one has seen much sorrow...it must have been witness to a terrible, terrible tragedy.$b$bLet me cleanse it, for the Eyes were created to shine bright, and their powers can be quite dangerous if tainted like this one.","","","","",""
294,"Ormer's Revenge","The situation is severe, that much is for sure.  When we uncovered these bones it attracted the Raptors.  These filthy beasts killed my brethren and trapped me, Merrin and the poor Prospector up here.$b$bHelp clear the Wetlands of these Raptors, $N.  Mottled Raptors and Mottled Screechers are just West of the bluff there.  Kill 10 of each, if you can.$b$bThat will be a good start to the vengeance I have planned for them.","Ormer Ironbraid at the Whelgar Excavation Site wants you to kill 10 Mottled Screechers and 10 Mottled Raptors.","Killing is a dirty business, but you did your job well, $N. If I weren't obligated to stay with the Prospector and Merrin, I'd be down there shedding blood right along side you.","","","","",""
295,"Ormer's Revenge","Now it's time to really make those dreaded Raptors regret their blood-thirst.  Just down below there are scores of Mottled Scytheclaws and Mottled Razormaws.  Make those rotten creatures pay by slaying 10 of each!","Ormer Ironbraid wants you to kill 10 Mottled Scytheclaw raptors and 10 Mottled Razormaw raptors then return to him at the Whelgar Excavation Site.","You did a bang-up job of clearing out those Raptors, $N!","","","","",""
296,"Ormer's Revenge","While you were down there I happened to notice that one of those beasts stood out from the rest.  He was bigger and more menacing.  I bet he's the one who led the others here to cause the disruption to the dig site.$b$bI ask of you now one final task, $N.  See to it that Sarltooth is brought to justice.  And considering the gravity of his crimes, justice in this case means death!  Bring me one of his talons as proof of his death.","Ormer Ironbraid at the Whelgar Excavation Site wants you to kill Sarltooth and return to him with one of his talons once the task is fulfilled.","Thank you, $N. Your efforts here will not be forgotten. Many innocent Dwarves died at this site, simply doing their jobs. The vengeance you delivered to those evil creatures should make them think twice before attacking King Magni's subjects ever again.","","","","",""
297,"Gathering Idols","Recently, just before the Troggs surfaced within the site, we had uncovered a large number of strange, carved idols.  But we didn't have the chance to study them, for soon after their discovery the Troggs chased us away from the ruins!  And those idols have a strange effect on the Troggs.  It makes them go berserk!$B$BBring me 8 idols - I want to study them, and I want them out of Trogg hands!  You can find the idols on the Troggs infesting the site.","Bring Magmar Fellhew 8 Carved Stone Idols.","You got them! Nicely done, $N!$B$BAnd you don't look too worse for wear, even with those berserk Troggs about. I'm going to keep my eye on you...you show some promise.","","","","",""
298,"Excavation Progress Report","I need a progress report sent to Thelsamar - a progress report, and a restatement of my request for more blastpowder!  Here's the report.  Take it to Jern Hornhelm.  He's our local contact in Thelsamar.$B$BIt's not a difficult task, but it must be done.","Bring Ironband's Progress Report to Jern Hornhelm in Thelsamar.","Bah! Ironband's having trouble with the Troggs. I wonder if he wants that blastpowder to aid his digging, or to aid his efforts against the Trogg beasts...$b$bWell, either way it's powder well spent!$b$bBut what's strange is, I sent him plenty of blastpowder weeks ago. I wonder where it went...","","","","",""
299,"Uncovering the Past","Just before the invasion I uncovered a large tablet called the Goaz Stone.  The translated text breaks off in 4 places.  The text speaks of a \"divine plan\" and a \"doomed prophecy.\"$b$bI fear we are running out of time.  I am too old to go down and brave those beasts.  But you are strong.$b$bScour the excavation site and uncover the 4 missing tablet fragments: Ados, Modr, Golm and Neru.  Search for them in ancient artifacts or where the soil is loose.  Bring them to me so I can begin unlocking the mystery!","Prospector Whelgar wants you to scour the excavation site in search of the 4 missing tablet fragments: Ados, Modr, Golm and Neru.","Ah the Goaz Stone is complete! Fine work, $N. Fine work indeed. Now I can continue with the delicate translation of this Titan script. I can make out new words already! Hmm. . .it says here, \"Old Gods. . .Chained Beneath the Land.\" This is the beginning of something epic.","","","","",""
301,"Report to Ironforge","We'll need approval to get Ironband more blastpowder. You'll have to take his report to the Explorers' League headquarters in Ironforge.$B$BHere's the report. Give it to Prospector Stormpike, and don't forget to duck after you deliver it. Stormpike is hotheaded, and he won't be happy to hear of Ironband's slow progress at the site.$B$BYou'll find Stormpike in the Assembly of Explorers.","Take Ironband's Progress Report to Prospector Stormpike.","Curse that Ironband! I sent him a load of blastpowder weeks ago, but he's made no mention of it in this report.$b$bSo...where did the blastpowder go?!?","","","","",""
302,"Powder to Ironband","If Ironband still needs blastpowder, then by Magni he'll have it!  I sent the approval on ahead with a messenger to Jern Hornhelm in Thelsamar.  He'll prepare the powder and other supplies to take to Ironband.$B$BAnd one more thing: I want you to personally see that the shipment of powder reaches its destination.  The last one didn't, so keep your mind sharp and your eyes open.","Speak with Jern Hornhelm in Thelsamar.","What? Stormpike wants you to personally see the shipment to Ironband?$b$bI... suppose that's fine, the only problem is, I've already sent Huldar with the porters, Miran and Saean. You just missed them, they left just a short while ago.","","","","",""
303,"The Dark Iron War","War rages both home and abroad.  While mighty Dwarven soldiers give their lives in far off territories in the name of the Alliance, our own lands fall prey to the evil deeds of the Dark Iron Dwarves.  They laid waste to the Thandol Span.  Dun Modr fell soon after.$b$bWe need you to gather force and push the front back.  If you can kill 15 Dark Iron Dwarves, 5 Tunnelers, 5 Saboteurs and 5 Demolitionists, the reserve might arrive in time to finish the drive.$b$bNow make haste!","Motley Garmason at Dun Modr wants you to kill 15 Dark Iron Dwarves,  5 Dark Iron Tunnelers, 5 Dark Iron Saboteurs and 5 Dark Iron Demolitionists.","You upheld your orders well, $C. You have proven yourself to be a valiant soldier and loyal servant to King Magni and for that I salute you! With the pressure you applied to the Dark Iron encampment, we now stand a chance of driving them off our lands for good. . .if only the damned reserve would show. . . .","","","","",""
304,"A Grim Task","Many of my soldiers died in the battle of Dun Modr.  My own brother perished when the West Bridge over the Thandol Span was destroyed.  Aye, the Dark Iron dwarves are a devilish breed.  From what Roggo was able to gather, the leader of this band of thugs in the Wetlands is a warlock named Balgaras the Foul.  He is quite a coward however.  He sends his soldiers to do his bidding but stays elusive, avoiding danger.$b$bIf you can find the spineless scum, slay him and bring me his ear.  I will reward you, $c.","Kill Balgaras the Foul and bring his ear to Longbraid the Grim outside of Dun Modr.","Balgaras the Foul is finally dead. While his death will not bring back the many innocent dwarves who died needlessly by his hand, it will help to restore peace of mind to those who survived. With Balgaras dead, the remaining Dark Iron scum should be easy enough to manage. Now, we must wipe them out before a new leader is sent to these parts.$B$BYou have done well, $C.","","","","",""
305,"In Search of The Excavation Team","Oh my, you must be the scout Longbraid said he would send!  You cannot imagine how worried I have been.$b$bMy wife, Merrin, has been sending me letters each week for the past month.  She is part of the Whelgar Excavation team.  But it has been nearly two weeks since her last correspondence.  Surely something is wrong!$b$bLongbraid said that he would send a scout to check up on things if we did not hear from the team soon.  I assume that scout is you, $N.  Find Merrin at the excavation site to the east!","Tarrel Rockweaver wants you to travel to the Excavation Site and contact Merrin Rockweaver.","Oh, thank the heavens you are here!","","","","",""
306,"In Search of The Excavation Team","It was horrible!  We were uncovering some rare artifacts and we began to discover these large bones.$b$bBefore we knew what was happening, these Mottled Raptors overwhelmed the dig site.  Many lives were lost.$b$bOrmer here -- so brave -- saved the Prospector and me.  He defended us as we ran for shelter.  Now we are trapped.  And our hard work lies in ruin.$b$bHere, take this note back to my sweet Tarrel.  It will explain the situation to him.","Return to Tarrel Rockweaver with Merrin's note.","Such horrible news! At least 3 of them survived. But when will the killing end? I long for the day when King Magni's subjects can live without fear.","","","","",""
307,"Filthy Paws","The Silver Stream Mine to the east ran dry long ago.  It was converted by the Miners' League into a storage depot, but now Kobolds have moved in, putting their filthy paws on good, Dwarven tools!$B$BWe'll root out those vermin soon enough, but the League wants someone to get their gear out of the mine before we warriors tromp in there and break things.  It'll be a tough delve - you might want cohorts at your side.$B$BThe gear is stored in Miners' League Crates throughout the mine.  Good luck.","Go to the Silver Stream Mine and collect 4 loads of Miners' Gear.$B$BReturn to Mountaineer Stormpike.","Did you see a lot of Kobolds in there? I can't wait for the order to clear them out of the mine. The thought of their grimy hands clawing around our mine makes my stomach rumble!","","","","",""
308,"Distracting Jarven","","","For me?  You're a true hero, $N!","","","","",""
309,"Protecting the Shipment","Ready to go, $n?$b$bFirst, we need to get this powder to Ironband. It'll be a lot for me to carry, and these parts can get dangerous -- and who knows what else the Dark Irons might have in store for me.$b$bI'll feel a lot better with you coming along.","Ensure Miran and the shipment arrive at the excavation site, then inform Prospector Ironband.","Oh, thank the Light the powder is here. But it is troubling news that you bring as well. To think that the Dark Irons have sympathizers able to procure this sort of material for their dastardly plans.$b$bThat's a matter for someone else to consider, some other time. I must put this powder to good use.","Escort Miran to the excavation site","","","",""
310,"Bitter Rivals","I have to admit, those Thunderbrews make some good drinks.  But they need to learn that theirs isn't the only decent brew!  Maybe you can help me teach them that lesson...$B$BHere, take this barrel of Barleybrew Scalder.  Sneak into the basement of the Thunderbrew Distillery in Kharanos and switch it with one of their barrels of Thunder Lager.  Then we'll see how their patrons like my brew over theirs!$B$BAnd if the barrels are guarded, then you might have to distract the guard ...","In the basement of the Thunderbrew Distillery in Kharanos, replace a barrel of Thunder Lager with a Barrel of Barleybrew Scalder.","You quickly place Marleth's barrel of Barleybrew Scalder among the Thunderbrew barrels.","","","","",""
311,"Return to Marleth","Having inserted a barrel of Marleth's Scalder in the Kharanos Distillery's cellar, you grab a barrel of Thunder Ale as proof of the deed...","Bring the barrel of Thunder Ale to Marleth Barleybrew at the Brewnall Village.","Not bad, $N!  Did you have a hard time getting past their guard?$B$BNo matter - many thanks, and if you're ever in need of stout with a kick, don't forget the Barleybrews!","","","","",""
312,"Tundra MacGrann's Stolen Stash","I had a month's worth of dried meats salted and locked away for the cold season.  Kept it locked so the bears wouldn't get it!  But while I was off hunting deer, that beast, Old Icebeard, made off with the meat locker.  He won't be able to smash through that Thorium though.  But I'll starve if I can't get my meats back.$b$bYou seem a bit more stealthy than me.  Perhaps you can retrieve my stash?  I'll never make it in and out of that cave fast enough with this bum leg of mine.","Retrieve Tundra MacGrann's dried meats from the stolen meat locker in Old Icebeard's cave.","What a kind soul you are, $N!  Thanks to your bravery I won't find myself starving when the cold season flurries blow in.","","","","",""
313,"The Grizzled Den","Driving a Siege Engine isn't for everyone.  It takes an iron grip and nerves of steel...lucky I have both!  How about you?  How's your mettle?  Want to prove it to me?$B$BWell...I'm looking to make my engine, Trollplow, a little more cozy.  How about you get me a heap of Wendigo Manes from the Grizzled Den, west of Kharanos.  Those manes would make a great rug for Trollplow's inside deck!","Gather 8 Wendigo Manes and bring them to Pilot Stonegear.","Ah yes, these manes will work great!  You show a lot of grit, $C - I wager we'll see great things from you.","","","","",""
314,"Protecting the Herd","We heard the cries in the middle of the night.  Then this morning, sure enough, the herd was missing two rams.  That dastardly beast known as Vagash has been preying on our livelihood.  With most of King Magni's army off in distant lands fighting with the Alliance, there is no one to keep Vagash at bay.$b$bPerhaps you are brave enough to seek out the beast and slay him.  Bring me one of his fangs and I will reward you.  Vagash lurks just above the ranch here, but be warned, he is deadly.","Rudra Amberstill wants you to slay Vagash and bring his fang to her at the Ram ranch.","Very well done! Veron will be so happy when he hears the good news. To kill Vagash is no easy task. I imagine one day you'll be fighting alongside King Magni's men on the Alliance Front.","","","","",""
315,"The Perfect Stout","I'm on a quest, a quest to make the perfect stout.  I know I can do it -- brewing's in my blood.  I just need to find the right recipe...$B$BThe Frostmane Trolls grow a plant, Shimmerweed, high up in a cave to the northeast.  They use it in their strange, tribal rituals.  We dwarves haven't found much use for it, but it has a unique taste...and I want to experiment with it in my brews!$B$BGet me some shimmerweed from Frostmane Seers, or swipe it from the troll's shimmerweed baskets.","Bring 6 Shimmerweeds to Rejold Barleybrew in the Brewnal Village.","Great!  I can't wait to use these in some of my recipes.  There's one in particular I think it'll work great in...","","","","",""
317,"Stocking Jetsteam","I'm preparing to start a mission for the Siege Brigade.  It's a long one, and I need to stock Jetsteam with a month's worth of supplies.  So while Steelgrill is working on my tank, can you do some hunting for me?$B$BI'll need some fur for bedding, and boar meat for food.  You can get meat from boars and fur from the bears... you can find them both in the snow fields south of the Grizzled Den.","Gather 4 Chunks of Boar Meat and 2 Thick Bear Furs, and deliver them to Pilot Bellowfiz at Steelgrill's Depot.","By Magni's beard, you sure did a lot of hunting!!  Thank you, $N.","","","","",""
318,"Evershine","Rejold Barleybrew experiments with his brews.  Some of them taste good, some bad, and some...well, some will lay all but the stoutest dwarf flat.$B$BHe lives at Brewnall Village, west of Kharanos, and one of his drinks, Evershine, is what I want.  It'll help keep me warm while I'm on the cold road.$B$BAnd...the blessed stuff burns so hot I can throw it in Jetsteam's furnace for a burst of power!  That little tactic has gotten me out of more than one tight spot.","Get a cask of Evershine from Rejold Barleybrew in Brewnall Village.","Bellowfiz needs some of my Evershine?  Hm...all right.","","","","",""
319,"A Favor for Evershine","I have a cask of Evershine handy, but...can you do me a favor?  Brewnall village could use a hand against the wild animals that wander the nearby snows.  Sometimes they wander close.$B$BWe're not afraid of these bears and cats and boars - no self respecting dwarf would be - but if you can take care of those animals for us, then we'd have more time for our crafting and brewing.","Kill 6 Ice Claw Bears, 8 Elder Crag Boars, and 8 Snow Leopards, and then return to Rejold Barleybrew in Brewnall Village.","Thank you, $N.  It'll be nice to work our crafts without hearing so many growls and snorts outside the village.","","","","",""
320,"Return to Bellowfiz","Here's your cask of Evershine, $N.  And again, thank you for the hunting earlier.","Give the cask of Evershine to Pilot Bellowfiz at Steelgrill's Depot.","Yes, this will do just fine.  I think I'll open a bottle right now and have a taste...","","","","",""
321,"Lightforge Iron","The shipwrecks off the shore here are the doomed Third Fleet of Kul'Tiras, burned and sunk by Red Dragons during the last Great War.$B$BThe Fleet hailed from Lordaeron, but one ship, an Elvish Destroyer: Flying Osprey, was with it.  It was shipping a load of Lightforge Iron and joined the Third Fleet for protection.  Ironic that it sunk to the same dragons...$B$BEnough history.  The Flying Osprey is wrecked to the south of Menethil Harbor.  If you find the Lightforge Iron there, bring it to me.","Search the wreckage of The Flying Osprey in the Wetlands.","This chest is waterlogged, and its siding broken. Many claw marks mar both the inside and outside of the chest...as if Murlocs have searched through it and stolen its treasure.$b$bBut tucked deep within the chest is a single Lightforge Ingot. Unfortunately, many more will be needed if enough metal to fashion a weapon is to be gained.","","","","",""
322,"Blessed Arm","There is a dwarven weaponsmith in the Dwarven District of Stormwind who can craft with lightforge iron.  His name is Grimand Elmore.$B$BI've packed the iron you found into a crate.  Take it to Grimand and tell him your tale.  I'm sure he'll oblige someone on a quest such as yours, and craft for you a weapon - a weapon to give even Morbent Fel worry!","Take the Crate of Lightforge Ingots to Grimand Elmore in Stormwind.","That is quite a tale you have. And lightforge iron! Not for years have I worked with such a metal. It will be an honor to craft with it again. And you must return to me later with the story of your battle against the Necromancer.$b$bBut we get ahead of ourselves. First, your weapon against Morbent Fel...","","","","",""
323,"Proving Your Worth","Morbent Fel is a necromancer, and an ally to the dark riders.  I would pit you against the power of Morbent Fel, but I will not send you against that vile fiend without first knowing your strength.$B$BYou have already proven your bravery to me, but if you truly wish to face the necromancer, then you must now prove your skill against his minions.","Kill 15 Skeletal Raiders, 3 Skeletal Healers and 3 Skeletal Warders, and then return to Sven.","Your skill in combat, $N, can not be doubted. Your resolve may yet see us through to the end of Morbent Fel!","","","","",""
324,"The Lost Ingots","Having grabbed the single lightforge ingot from the waterlogged chest, it is clear that murlocs have stolen the rest.  Hunt the murloc raiders near the Flying Osprey wreckage for the lost lightforge iron.","Gather 5 Lightforge Ingots, then return to Glorin Steelbrow in the Wetlands.","Ah, you found them! Now let's get this lightforge iron hammered into something useful, eh?","","","","",""
325,"Armed and Ready","Here is the weapon against the fiend of which you spoke.  You're all ready, $N.  Best of luck to you, and I look forward to your tale of glory!","Bring Morbent's Bane to Sven in Duskwood.","Ah, this will be proof against the fiend Morbent Fel! Well done!$b$bYou are ready. Morbent Fel will fall.","","","","",""
328,"The Hidden Key","Although no mention of Private Thorsen is found in these records, hidden within the binding of one of Herod's ledger books is a small, brass key.$B$BAnd after further study of his notes, a few references to a \"secure strongbox\" are contained among various papers.  The box is somewhere within the Stockpile - the cavern complex at the back of Kurzen's Compound.$B$BIf this secure strongbox is found, and the small brass key can open it, then perhaps the mystery behind Thorsen's detection will be revealed.","Use the Small Brass Key to open Bookie Herod's Strongbox.","Opening the strongbox, it's clear that this is where Herod keeps his more valuable coins and items.","","","","",""
329,"The Spy Revealed!","Among the valuables of the strongbox is a muddy, scribbled note.  Although barely legible, it looks to be an itinerary for Private Thorsen.  It details his patrol routes, who he speaks with and how he spends his time with the rebels.  It's signed with only one letter: -M.$B$BBut whoever wrote this note must have stayed very close to Thorsen.  Whoever wrote this note is the traitor within the rebel camp.","Take the Muddy Note to Lieutenant Doren at the Rebel Camp.","Thank you, $N. This note is the clue we need to root out the traitor!","","","","",""
330,"Patrol Schedules","The note you gave me is signed with an \"-M\"...I don't know what that could mean.$B$BBut...the note also says this person shared patrol routes with Thorsen last week.  So whoever shared patrol with Thorsen last week must be the traitor!$B$BGo to Corporal Sethman.  He handles the patrol schedules and can tell you who was with Thorsen.","Speak with Corporal Sethman.","Oh, yes I can check that for you. Let's see...last week it was...$B$B...why, it was Private Merle scheduled with Thorsen. They had the same patrol times all of last week.","","","","",""
331,"Report to Doren","Did Lieutenant Doren want you to report back to him with that patrol information?","Speak with Lieutenant Doren.","It pains me to find out it was Merle who betrayed us. He has always been a brave soldier, and I had thought his heart was true. But it is a great relief to have found him out - with a spy like him among us...we would not last long against Colonel Kurzen.","","","","",""
332,"Wine Shop Advert","If you talk to anyone about wine, then you know we Gallinas sell the best wine in Stormwind.  And we're not far, still in the Trade District along the city's lovely canals.$B$BHere, take this pamphlet.  Bring it to my sister Suzetta at our shop for a complimentary bottle of our famous pinot noir.  You won't regret it!","Go to the Gallina Winery, and bring Suzetta Gallina the Wine Ticket for a free bottle of wine.","Ah, so you've seen Renato? Well here you are, sir. A bottle of our special pinot noir. You'll not find its equal in all of Azeroth!","","","","",""
333,"Harlan Needs a Resupply","We've been doing a lot of business lately.  It seems like everyone is buying armor and sturdy clothes.  Almost like they expect a cold, harsh season ahead...$B$BBut those are future worries.  My worry today is that I'm running out of knitted clothing to sell.  I need another load from our supplier.$B$BIf you can take this request to Rema Schneider at the Canal Tailor and Fit Shop, I'd be most grateful.","Go to the Canal Tailor Shop and bring Rema Schneider the Cloth Request from Harlan Bagley.","It says here that Harlan's business is booming.  That's good news, but I wonder why people have need of all that armor.  I've heard nothing of open war...is there something the nobles aren't telling us?$B$BWell, thank you for bringing the request.  Here's your payment, and I'll see to it that Harlan gets his supplies.","","","","",""
334,"Package for Thurman","My son Thurman is an apprentice at the Larson Clothiers, in the Mage's Quarter.  He was in a hurry today and forgot his shears and needles.  I know a great $C like you must have important tasks at hand, but without his tools Thurman can't do his apprentice work!$B$BPlease, $N.  Can you take my son's sewing kit to him?  Larson Clothiers is one of two clothing shops in the Mage's Quarter - it's the one deeper in, near the Mage's Tower.","Go to the Larson Clothiers in the Stormwind Mage Quarter, and give Thurman Schneider his Sewing Kit.","Oh, blast! I thought forgetting my kit would free me from work. Now I guess I'll have to help the Larsons with their sewing...$B$BOh, well. Fun will come later I guess.","","","","",""
335,"A Noble Brew","Lord Wishock is causing quite a stir amongst the House of Nobles.  He was made aware of our little \"establishment\" down here and is lobbying for a full investigation.  I have a plan to keep Wishock \"preoccupied,\" but I'll need your help. $b$bThere is a flower growing in the Garden of Stalvan on the outskirts of Darkshire.  This small white flower is known as the Tear of Tilloa.  I will also need a Musquash Root, found only at the very base of the falls far beneath the Stonewrought Dam in the Wetlands.","Zardeth the Black Claw wants you to bring him a Tear of Tilloa from Darkshire and a Musquash Root from the Wetlands.","Most excellent! These are fine samples indeed!","","","","",""
336,"A Noble Brew","Lord Wishock, like all men, has his weaknesses.  His happens to be a fondness for liquor.  The hypocrisy is astounding.  The trite fool spends his days trying to shut down our little \"tavern\" while his nights are spent upstairs, running up a bill he never pays.  Well, let's see how Wishock likes this special brew I have prepared for him:  Black Claw stout.  It's got quite a kick, $n.$b$bTake it to him and see how he likes it.  Most likely the old fool is milling about the Hall of Petitioners.","Take the Black Claw Stout to Lord Wishock in the Hall of Petitioners.","Ah, thank you for bringing me this fine looking stout, servant. Here's a copper for you. Now, out of sight with you and let me enjoy my drink!","","","","",""
337,"An Old History Book","Although the cover of this book is marred by scratches and caked with mud, the words \"The History of Stormwind\" can still be read along its spine.  Upon opening the book, the seal of the Stormwind Library is clearly stamped on the book's first page.$B$BIt looks like someone checked out this book, and never returned it...","Return the book: The History of Stormwind, to the Stormwind Library.","Oh my! This book hasn't rested on these shelves since before the rebuilding of Stormwind, years ago. It will have to be restored of course, it's in bad shape, but I would be honored to place it within our rare books collection.$B$BThank you, $N. Please accept this as payment for returning the book!","","","","",""
338,"The Green Hills of Stranglethorn","Master Nesingwary will be so upset if he finds out!$b$bHe trusted me to proofread the manuscript of his novel, The Green Hills of Stranglethorn.  Everything was going well, but a large gust of wind blew through the camp and scattered the pages everywhere!$b$bI was able to gather most of the pages but many are still strewn about the jungle.  Collect the pages to complete each of the four chapters.$b$bI will help you organize them.  Return the chapters to me once you have all four.","Collect the missing pages from The Green Hills of Stranglethorn manuscript.  Once all four chapters are complete, return them to Barnil.","You've certainly saved me a heap of trouble, $n!  I can't thank you enough.  It shouldn't be long now until we see Master Nesingwary's book in libraries throughout the world!","","","","",""
339,"Chapter I","Chapter I was quite riveting!  Master Nesingwary sets the backdrop for the story and makes mention of his hunting companions, including me! $b$bBut that's besides the point.  Let me see which pages are still missing.  It seems pages 1, 4, 6 and 8 are still out there somewhere in the jungle!","Bring pages 1, 4, 6, and 8 of Nesingwary's The Green Hills of Stranglethorn to Barnil Stonepot in order to complete Chapter I.","At last!  Chapter I is complete!","","","","",""
340,"Chapter II","Chapter II was chock full of exciting tales of panther and tiger hunting.  I could just kick myself for letting the pages blow away! $b$b It seems I was able to recover all of the pages with the exception of pages 10, 11, 14, and 16.","Bring pages 10, 11, 14 and 16 of Nesingwary's The Green Hills of Stranglethorn to Barnil Stonepot in order to complete Chapter II.","Chapter II is finally complete!  Well done!","","","","",""
341,"Chapter III","Chapter III was my favorite.  It tells of Sir Erlgadin and Lady Rouack's first kill with a dwarven rifle.  And the end of Chapter III, why, such a cliffhanger!  $b$bLooks to me as though we still need pages 18, 20, 21 and 24 to finish the chapter.  Those pages are out there somewhere. . .","Bring pages 18, 20, 21and 24 of Nesingwary's The Green Hills of Stranglethorn to Barnil Stonepot in order to complete Chapter III.","Phew!  Good work, $N.  Chapter III is now back together in one piece!","","","","",""
342,"Chapter IV","Ah Chapter IV; the big finale!  And what an ending it was! $b$bWe are only missing three pages for this chapter.  We need pages 25, 26 and 27 to put Chapter IV back together.","Bring pages 25, 26, and 27 of Nesingwary's The Green Hills of Stranglethorn to Barnil Stonepot in order to complete Chapter IV.","Superb!  We now have Chapter IV ready to go!","","","","",""
343,"Speaking of Fortitude","I'm giving a speech on the Fortitude of the Spirit, and I'd like to recite passages from a particular book on metallurgy - \"The Stresses of Iron.\"  A copy of this book should be in the Royal Library, within Stormwind Keep.  Can you retrieve it for me?  If so, then may the blessings of the Light be with you!$B$BThe Royal Library is very large, but the head librarian, Milton Sheaf, knows each shelf like it was his own son.  Speak to him, he'll retrieve the book for you.","Go to the Royal Library in Stormwind Keep and speak with Milton Sheaf.  He can find for you the book on metallurgy that Brother Kristoff needs for his speech.","Metallurgy? Ah yes, we have many books on the subject, and are happy to aid Brother Kristoff with his speech! Now...which particular book was it the good brother needed?","","","","",""
344,"Brother Paxton","The Stresses of Iron?  Yes, I know the book.  Quite a good one, written by the Dwarven miner Margulf Blaggon a few decades ago.  He spent most his time deep in the mountains of Khaz Modan, digging ore.  Smart fellow!$B$BBut where was I?  Oh yes, the Stresses of Iron!  I'm afraid the book was moved to the Northshire Abbey.  The caretaker of the Abbey's library, Brother Paxton, wanted to make a copy of the book for his own shelves.$B$BBut that was months ago.  I wonder why it's taking him so long...","Speak with Brother Paxton in the Northshire Abbey.","Mr. Sheaf is wondering where his book is? Well this is a tad embarrassing. I have the book, but I'm still making my copy and I'm not quite ready to give the original up!","","","","",""
345,"Ink Supplies","I've been meaning to finish my copy of The Stresses of Iron, but...$B$BWell you see, I make my own ink for books I copy.  It's my own recipe; it doesn't run or smear, and it dries very quickly  Unfortunately, it dries too quickly!  My last batch dried up before I could finish the copying job, and I haven't had the chance to make more ink!$B$BTo make more I need Rethban Iron Ore from the Redridge Mountains.  Foreman Oslow in Lakeshire is my usual supplier.","Speak with Foreman Oslow in Lakeshire and ask him for Rethban Iron Ore.","You need what?? Maybe you haven't noticed, but we're busy fortifying Lakeshire's defenses and repairing damage from recent orc attacks. If you need Rethban Iron Ore, you'll have to get it yourself!","","","","",""
346,"Return to Kristoff","Now that I've finished copying the book, here's the original Stresses of Iron.  Thank you for your patience, and if you see Milton please tell him I'm sorry for the long delay.","Return to Brother Kristoff in the Cathedral Square.  Give him the book The Stresses of Iron.","That's the one! Thank you, $N. May the Light shine brightly upon both your body and spirit!","","","","",""
347,"Rethban Ore","Rethban Ore is named after the man who first found it, Bart Rethban.  When smelted it's not as strong as iron, but its ore has a dark, flat color that some scribes use in their dyes.  It can be found in the Rethban Caverns, north of here.$B$BWe usually have some in stock, but we're too busy preparing for Orc attacks to gather any.  And besides...Redridge Gnolls are now living in the Rethban Caverns and their Drudgers are gathering the ore themselves.$B$BSo if you need some, you'll have to get it yourself.","Gather 5 loads of Rethban Ore and bring it to Brother Paxton in the Northshire Library.","Oh, splendid! I can use this ore to make my dye, and then can finish copying The Stresses of Iron.$B$BThank you, $N!","","","","",""
348,"Stranglethorn Fever","Sick...so...very s-s-sick....$b$b...have contracted Stranglethorn Fever...deadly v-v-virus...$b$b...only cure...is...is...to eat the heart of M-m-m-m-mokk the Savage...elusive white beast...$b$b...Witch doctor Unbagwa...only one who can s-s-summon....$b$b...seek Unbagwa in hidden cave on southern cape...$b$b...hurry...dying...dying....","Seek out Witch Doctor Unbagwa and have him summon Mokk the Savage.  Bring the Heart of Mokk to Fin Fizracket.","...feel strength returning....$B$BWhere might be? Booty Bay? Oh my! I had the strangest dream...$B$B...the weakness has not completely left me....","","","","",""
349,"Stranglethorn Fever","temp text 02 - description","temp text 02 - log","Witch Doctor Unbagwa like Gorilla Fangs! For you I talk to spirits. Make Mokk the Savage come.$b$bYou protect Witch Doctor Unbagwa from other Gorilla-beast through or no Mokk for you!","","","","",""
350,"Look to an Old Friend","That Marzon would be contacting a member of the Defias and have ties to Lescovar...$B$BHaving killed VanCleef and Thredd, it would be hard to see Lescovar brought to proper justice, as your evidence is nothing without their testimonies. That is not even considering the fact that Lescovar is a noble and well connected. It effectively makes him above the law.$B$BYou'll need other help. I loathe to do so, but there is someone I know that will aid us. You'll find Trias in the Trade District of the city.","Speak to Elling Trias in Stormwind.","You're kidding? Shaw wants my help again? Of all the nerve...$b$bThe Defias Brotherhood, you say? Well, you're certainly the bearer of wonderful news, aren't you? Next you're going to tell me that Deathwing is still alive and attacking the city.$b$bAll right, tell me everything from the beginning. And don't leave out something you think might not be important. I need to know it all.","","","","",""
351,"Find OOX-17/TN!","You have uncovered some sort of strange, egg-shaped device made from metal.  Fiddling with one of its knobs springs the egg to life, as it opens up into some sort of gnomish robotic contraption!  A voice from inside the robotic egg crackles to life.$B$B\"The name's Oglethorpe, and my homing robot has gone missing!  I will reward you for its recovery!  Please take this beacon to the robot.  Excellent, I now have computed the coordinates for you!  It crashed near the Gaping Chasm in Tanaris!\"","Bring the distress beacon to Oglethorpe's homing robot.","You place the egg... distress beacon... inside the chicken... homing robot.$B$BHums and whirs are heard from inside the robot as it struggles to stand up.  After the robot comes to life, Oglethorpe's voice is heard once more, but now from inside the robot:$B$B\"OOX-17/TN is working at least, but it needs major repairs!  It is much too heavy for you to carry it... but I think I have an idea.  Are you up for watching over it some more?\"","","","","",""
353,"Stormpike's Delivery","The Stormpike's are a respected dwarven clan, and are well known for their fine and discerning tastes.  So it's no wonder that Gringer Stormpike, a Mountaineer of Ironforge, commissioned me to craft him a weapon.$B$BThe weapon is finished, but... Mountaineer Stormpike is far away, in distant Loch Modan.  If you plan on traveling to the north, can you deliver this package to him?$B$BMy last message from Mountaineer Stormpike said he's stationed at the northern guard tower in Loch Modan.","Deliver the Package for Stormpike to Mountaineer Stormpike in Loch Modan.","Aha! So Grimand finally finished my axe! I can't wait to try it against some troggs and kobolds!$b$bMany thanks, $N. It was a long distance to travel for this delivery.  Here are some coins for your efforts.","","","","",""
354,"Deaths in the Family","The Agamand family was the most prosperous family in Tirisfal Glades.  I used to work their mills...before the Plague.$B$BWhen the Scourge first came, the Agamands fortified their home and convinced those in their employ to remain and help them defend.  We were fools, but at least we were loyal fools.$B$BThe Agamands, in their pride, doomed us to undeath.  And now they are minions of the Scourge!$B$BServe the Forsaken by defeating the Agamands who fell to the Plague.  Serve me by bringing me their remains.","Bring Gregor's Remains, Nissa's Remains and Thurman's Remains to Coleman Farthing in Brill.","Revenge has a sweet taste, don't you think?  When you destroyed the Agamands, did you catch any hint of free will within them?  I hope so.  I hope they knew fear before they were smashed into oblivion.$B$BIt is a foolish hope, I know.  But it is a hope I foster nonetheless.","","","","",""
355,"Speak with Sevren","You have given me the remains of the Agamands, and satisfied my desire for revenge.  But the Agamand Mills hold a threat to all the Forsaken, not just to me.$B$BI have spoken to Magistrate Sevren of your exploits against the Agamands, and he wishes to speak with you.","Speak with Magistrate Sevren in Brill.","Coleman speaks well of you, $N, telling of your successful forays into the Agamand Mills.$B$BThe Forsaken have need of your talents once again...","","","","",""
356,"Rear Guard Patrol","The defenders on The Bulwark protecting Tirisfal from the Plaguelands are on constant alert.  But sometimes Scourge will slip past them.$B$BOur success at the Bulwark depends on a one-front battle - we cannot allow an attack from the rear, nor can we allow our defenders' supply line to be cut.$B$BAssist the Bulwark.  Patrol east and slay any Scourge you find.  Spend particular effort at the Balnir Farmstead to the east.  It has become a haven for interloping Scourge.","Kill 8 Bleeding Horrors and 8 Wandering Spirits, then report back to Linnea at her camp.","Very good. Your efforts do much to keep the Scourge at bay. A commendation will be sent to my superior, Executor Zygand.","","","","",""
357,"The Lich's Identity","There is a lich who dwells on the island in Brightwater Lake to the north.  Although he is a free-willed Forsaken, he believes all other Undead are Scourge slaves and has his minions attack anyone who approaches him.$B$BBut because he is Forsaken, the Queen will want him.  And if he is skilled in Necromancy, then his knowledge would be...quite useful to us.$B$BTo discover his identity and his talents, I must see his spellbook.  Steal into his camp and acquire it, then return to me.","Bring the Lich's Spellbook to Bethor Iceshard in the Undercity.","Very good, $N.  I will study this book and determine the identity of that lich.  You have served your Queen well.$B$B<Bethor opens the book and stares intently at its glowing pages...>$B$BAstonishing!  The book you retrieved belongs to no one other than Gunther Arcanus!$B$BGunther was a skilled Necromancer in life; he and I were friends and comrades-in-arms, before the Plague.  And judging from his book he has grown even more powerful in death.$B$BHis skills would be a great boon to us.","","","","",""
358,"Graverobbers","The Mass Graves, southwest of Garren's Haunt to the north, were made to accommodate the...impressive...number of deaths Tirisfal suffered when the Plague first came.  $B$BThe bodies in these graves have so far been spared an undeath, but the Scourge now send Rot Hide Gnolls to gather the corpses and use them to bolster their armies.  This cannot be allowed!$B$BYour task is twofold: slay the Rot Hides at the Mass Grave and Garren's Haunt, and gather from them the Embalming Ichor that gives them life.","Kill Rot Hide Graverobbers and Rot Hide Mongrels.  $B$BBring 8 Embalming Ichors to Magistrate Sevren in Brill.","Expertly done, $N.  The Scourge are mistaken if they think they can use those corpses against us, and the fluid you gathered from the Rot Hide slaves will be studied by our Apothecaries.  It may have secrets we can use against them.$B$BAs I said, well done.  But our struggle continues, and the conflict will surely offer you more chances to prove your worth to the Forsaken.","","","","",""
359,"Forsaken Duties","I need a fresh report from our Deathguard waystation to the east.$B$BI must know if more Scourge forces have slipped past The Bulwark and into Tirisfal.  Our vigilance on the border to the Plaguelands must be maintained - we can't let the Scourge get a stronger foothold here!$B$BTravel south along the road, then east at the fork to the waystation.  Speak with Deathguard Linnea.  She has the information I need.","Speak with Deathguard Linnea.","Magistrate Sevren wants a report?  Very well: the defenders at The Bulwark are holding the majority of the Scourge at bay, but some do slip through on occasion.$B$BWe have seen sporadic Scourge activity east of this station, with a concentration around the Balnir Farmstead.","","","","",""
360,"Return to the Magistrate","Now return to Magistrate Sevren with the information I gave you.  He'll want it as soon as possible, so be swift.$B$BAnd if you see any Scourge on your way back, take them down - we can't let them wander our lands unchallenged.","Return to Magistrate Sevren in Brill.","It is troubling to hear of the Scourge slipping past the Bulwark.  The Lich King and his minions are ceaseless in their assaults.$B$BBut we will not give in.  He will not take us again!","","","","",""
361,"A Letter Undelivered","This is a letter written by Thurman, the eldest son of Gregor Agamand.  It is addressed to an Yvette Farthing, though it does not appear to have reached her...","Find Yvette Farthing, and deliver to her the letter from Thurman Agamand.","Oh...my poor Thurman!  I begged him to leave Agamand Mills with me and my father, but his family loyalty was too strong!  And I knew it!  I just knew it that Brand meant him harm!!  Oh, curse this Plague, and the Scourge!$B$B<Yvette's face then smoothes and grows cold.>$B$BBut regrets are for the weak.  As a Forsaken, I have new goals and love is not one of them.  I would thank you for delivering this letter, for I had wondered what happened to my past love.$B$BBut that life is over.  Forever.","","","","",""
362,"The Haunted Mills","Devlin Agamand was the younger of two sons in the Agamand family, and in life the two could not be more different.  Thurman was tall and gentle while his younger brother was weak and sharp tongued.$B$BWhen Agamand Mills fell to the Plague, I was not surprised to hear that Devlin was quick to succumb.  His mad chattering can still be heard near the road leading to the Agamand Mills.$B$BI'm collecting the remains of the Agamands, and I want poor Devlin.  Find him, destroy him, and bring me his bones.","Slay Devlin Agamand, and bring Devlin's Remains to Coleman Farthing in Brill.","Thank you.  Devlin's bones will rest nicely on my mantle.$B$BIf my cold heart can find warmth, it is in knowing that the Agamands are destroyed.  They failed me and my family when the Plague came - now I swear I will smash their remains under my heel!","","","","",""
363,"Rude Awakening","About time you woke up. We were ready to toss you into the fire with the others, but it looks like you made it.$b$bI am Mordo, the caretaker of the crypt of Deathknell. And you are the Lich King's slave no more.$b$bSpeak with Shadow Priest Sarvis in the chapel at the base of the hill, he will tell you more of what you must know.","Speak with Shadow Priest Sarvis.","Another of the walking dead, hm? Must have been quite a shock, waking up in the crypt with only the cold and Mordo to greet you...$b$bI see the confusion on your face. Let me try to explain our... situation... to you.$b$bWe have been freed from the control of the Lich King by our new leader, Lady Sylvanas. The Dark Lady guides us in our war against the hated Scourge and the holdouts of humanity who dog our every step.","","","","",""
364,"The Mindless Ones","We Forsaken are at war with the Lich King's army of the Scourge: necromantically raised armies of the undead, foul beasts of the north, and tormented spectres.$b$bThe northern part of the village has become overrun with the Mindless Ones, and they must be destroyed. Destroy them, show them no mercy, our former brothers and sisters as they might be. The Fallen are nothing but The Lich King's slaves.","Shadow Priest Sarvis wants you to kill 5 Mindless Zombies and 3 Wretched Zombies.","It is unfortunate that the Scourge cannot be brought into the fold, their large numbers would be useful in the battles ahead.$b$bBut they will not join us, so we have no choice but to destroy them.","","","","",""
365,"Fields of Grief","What have we here?  You look like a fledgling $c.  If you hope to prove yourself to The Dark Lady, you need to learn the ways of The Forsaken.$b$bTo the west you'll find a farm.  Humans infest the land like mold on a rotting corpse.  And worse yet, the Scarlet Crusade patrols nearby from their tower.  Teach those scum a lesson and steal 10 of their precious pumpkins.$b$bOnce you have 10, take them to Apothecary Johaan in Brill.","Steal 10 pumpkins from the farm to the west, just north of Deathknell and take them to Apothecary Johaan in Brill.","You have performed your bidding well, young $c.  You are proving yourself to be quite an asset to The Dark Lady's army.","","","","",""
366,"Return the Book","Long ago Gunther and I, along with the now Scourge Necromancer Thule Ravenclaw, were friends and students within the Kirin Tor - a society of mages in Dalaran.$B$BGunther and I both fell to the Plague, but I thought he either remained dead, or was raised into the ranks of the Lich King.  It is good to know he is free.$B$BWe must have him.  I have placed a spell on his book that, when he sees it, will show him that I too am free of the Lich King.  After knowing this, it is my hope that he will join us.","Return Gunther's Spellbook to him, on the island of Gunther's Retreat.","My book?!?  So you were the thief who stole it!$B$BBut...what is this new enchantment upon it...Bethor?  He is in  Lordaeron?$B$BIf he still exists, then perhaps he too escaped from the Lich King's grasp...","","","","",""
367,"A New Plague","Lady Sylvanas has called upon the Royal Apothecary Society. The Dark Lady believes our knowledge coupled with the newfound magic will provide the key to Arthas's demise.  She has challenged us to concoct a new plague, a plague deadlier than any ailment on Azeroth. This new disease will bring Arthas's Scourge Army to ruin.$b$bMy studies show that the blood of beasts might prove to be the key. Bring to me 5 vials of darkhound blood so I can test my theory.","Apothecary Johaan in the town of Brill wants you to collect 5 Vials of Darkhound Blood.","You have done well, $N and I thank you for your efforts.","","","","",""
368,"A New Plague","While you were collecting samples for me, my experiments led me to realize that more reagents will be required for this new disease to spread properly. Poisoning some hapless victim is child's play. Plaguing an entire world proves to be a bit more complicated.$b$bI will need 5 Vile Fin Scales from Murlocs in the vicinity.  You will find the creatures along the coast to the north or to the west.","Apothecary Johaan of the town of Brill needs 5 Vile Fin Scales from Murlocs in Tirisfal Glades.","The scales are perfect, $N. Exactly what I needed for this concoction.","","","","",""
369,"A New Plague","While you were out gathering, I uncovered some old text in one of my tomes that indicates that an ancient plague wiped out thousands of innocent victims.  Later it was discovered that the deadly agent in the plague was preserved through the venom of Night Web Spiders.$b$bBring me some venom from a Vicious Night Web Spider to complete this experiment.  I want to see if the contagious element from the venom will work with my new concoction.  Rumor has it the spiders can be found in Eastern Tirisfal Glades.","Apothecary Johaan in the town of Brill wants you to bring him 4 samples of venom from a Vicious Night Web Spider.","Ah, this venom will do perfectly, $N. Everything else has been added to my concoction and boiled down. Finally, I am ready to try this new deadly agent!","","","","",""
370,"At War With The Scarlet Crusade","The strategic documents from Executor Arren contain all the details we need to wipe the human infestation from the lands.  According to the information, The Scarlet Crusade has assigned Captain Perrine and a brigade to the ruined tower southwest of Brill.$b$bKill Perrine along with 3 Zealots and 3 Missionaries and report back to me.","Executor Zygand in Brill wants you to kill Captain Perrine, 3 Scarlet Zealots and 3 Scarlet Missionaries.","Captain Perrine's death will undoubtedly please The Dark Lady. You have performed your duty well, $C.","","","","",""
371,"At War With The Scarlet Crusade","We are still at war and the Scarlet Crusade grows in strength.  The report Executor Arren sent me indicates Scarlet Crusaders have been raiding from the ruined tower in southeastern Tirisfal near the Balnir Farmstead under the command of Captain Vachon.$b$bKill Vachon along with 5 Scarlet Friars. It should prove to be a devastating blow to the Crusade!","Executor Zygand in Brill has commissioned you to slay Captain Vachon and 5 Scarlet Friars.","Captain Vachon's death will slow down the Scarlet Crusade's advancement in Tirisfal quite a bit. But other threats loom.","","","","",""
372,"At War With The Scarlet Crusade","Scarlet Crusaders have been raiding from the ruined tower in northern Tirisfal, past Faol's Rest.  According to the information we have, a ruthless commander named Captain Melrache is in charge of this evil crew.$b$bI am entrusting you now with a special and dangerous mission.  Slay Melrache and his two bodyguards, in the name of The Dark Lady.","Executor Zygand in the town of Brill wants you to assassinate Captain Melrache and his two bodyguards.","You have done extremely well, $c.  With ruthless fighters like you conquering in the name of The Forsaken our race is one step closer to defeating Arthas once and for all.  I have a good feeling about you, comrade.","","","","",""
373,"The Unsent Letter","Searching Edwin VanCleef's person, you discover, among other things, an unsent letter. It is addressed to Baros Alexston, the City Architect of Stormwind, City Hall, Cathedral Square.$B$BIt appears to be recently written and sealed.","Deliver the Letter to the City Architect to Baros Alexston in Stormwind.","Edwin VanCleef, you say? I would as much expect a letter from my dead grandmother... So you've killed him then? Pardon me in saying, but I'm somewhat surprised. He was a peerless fighter in his younger years. Let's see what he finds the need to write to me about after so many years.$b$b<Baros peruses the letter.>$b$bEdwin... I see the years haven't changed you a bit, an idealist as ever, and a romantic. He doesn't care who he hurts, $N. Revenge has consumed him. But then, I'm not sure I can blame him.","","","","",""
374,"Proof of Demise","Executor Zygand tells me you've been out killing Scarlet Crusaders. Tirisfal Glades is crawling with them.$b$bVarimathras, lieutenant to The Dark Lady, is seeing to it personally that the scum of Azeroth, the Human race, gets wiped into oblivion. Here in Tirisfal Glades we face a particularly annoying breed of humans: The Scarlet Crusade.$b$bVenture forth and wage an offensive on the Scarlet Crusade, $c. Bring me back 10 Scarlet Insignia Rings as proof of your loyalty to Varimathras and The Dark Lady.","Bring 10 Scarlet Insignia Rings to Deathguard Burgess in Brill.","Varimathras would be proud. You serve your leaders well, $C.","","","","",""
375,"The Chill of Death","It's so cold, now.  The Plague of Undeath crawls through my veins like an icy serpent.  The Mindless State will be upon me soon.  But no doomed destiny will prevent me from serving our Dark Lady.  When the call arose I sewed body bags for the fallen soldiers of Sylvanas's mighty army.$b$bNow my hands shake from the chill.  If you would bring me five Duskbat Pelts and some Coarse Thread I could sew myself a blanket.  Help me, $N, so that I can continue to serve the cause.","Bring five Duskbat Pelts and some Coarse Thread to Gretchen Dedmar in Brill.","I appreciate your efforts, $N.  May Sylvanas recognize your bravery one day. . . .","","","","",""
376,"The Damned","My duties include tending to our wounded warriors, tailoring armor and clothes, and assisting Shadow Priest Sarvis with whatever else he might need.$b$bFrom the look of it, you'll be enlisted in his service also... hunting the Mindless Ones, if I know his mind. Well, if you'd like to stay in one piece--and I've no doubt you do--perhaps I can help. I'm running out of paws and wings, and if you bring me some, I'll find some armor for you. You'll find a good number of wolves and bats to the northwest.","Novice Elreth requires 4 Scavenger Paws and 4 Duskbat Wings.","Thank you, $n. This armor should help you out.$b$bHopefully, it should do you more good than the last one to wear it...","","","","",""
377,"Crime and Punishment","As if the neglect for the residents of Duskwood was not bad enough, now the House of Nobles spits in the eye of the Darkshire Council with their decision to imprison Dextren Ward in Stormwind rather than behead the villain as per Lord Ebonlocke's sentence.$b$bWard was caught selling bodies from the cemetery to Morbent Fel, a crime punishable by death.  Yet Stormwind claims Ward as their prisoner.$b$bAssassinate Ward in The Stormwind Stockade - bring me his hand - and I shall reward you.","Councilman Millstipe of Darkshire wants you to bring him the hand of Dextren Ward.","So Dextren Ward finally paid for his crimes against humanity? Good riddance to the scum I say. And cheers to you, my friend! Not only have you given the families of the dead the peace of mind they deserve, you sent a poignant message to those corrupt bureaucrats in the House of Nobles. Stormwind must rise to the needs of the people of Duskwood or we will break free from their tyranny.","","","","",""
378,"The Fury Runs Deep","You have proven your loyalty to King Magni, $c.  And your hatred for the Dark Iron scum is as great as my own.$b$bThere is a task I wish to complete myself but I am bound by honor to stay with Longbraid.  But Roggo has gathered intelligence that proves Kam Deepfury was a conspirator in the attack on the Thandol Span.  It was by Deepfury's planning that Longbraid lost his kin.$b$bDeepfury is being held for political reasons in the Stormwind Stockade.  I want him dead, $N.  For Longbraid!  Bring me his head!","Motley Garmason wants Kam Deepfury's head brought to him at Dun Modr.","So Kam Deepfury finally got to feel what it is like to be on the receiving end of Death? Good. Serves the cowardly Dark Iron scum right. You have done well, $C. The victims of the Thandol Span attack were but mere victims in a world torn with war and unrest. Their families will have the peace of knowing Deepfury got the punishment he deserved. Longbraid's brother's death has been avenged.","","","","",""
379,"Slake That Thirst","You want a power source.  I can help you with that.  Know what I want?  I want something to drink!  Bring me five Wastewander Water Pouches, and I'll give you the 4711-FTZ.$B$BNow... guess where you can find Wastewander Water Pouches!  Why don't you walk up to one of the Wastewander nomads to the east of here and ask them for one.  Let me know how that works out for you.","Bring 5 Wastewander Water Pouches to Chief Engineer Bilgewhizzle in Gadgetzan.","Excellent, the power source is yours.  Now, it isn't completely designed for use in a science kit like that, so you'll only have a limited amount of time before all the data you collect will go kablooey!$B$BWhen you collect everything you need for whatever it is you are doing, bring it to me and I'll shut it down properly.  You'll have at most two hours to get what you need to get done, done.$B$BIf you don't get it done in time, I can always sell you another power source to try again.  You heard me - sell!","","","","",""
380,"Night Web's Hollow","One of our greatest struggles is obtaining the natural resources we need to survive. Gold was scarce even in the height of the Alliance's power.$b$bThere is a gold mine to the northwest that has been overrun with spiders. We need gold from the mine, but we can't very well get it while the spiders are crawling around in there. I've not much manpower to commit to the task, so we'll just have to do it little by little. Get out there and see what you can do.","Executor Arren wants you to kill 8 Young Night Web Spiders and 6 Night Web Spiders.","Hmm, well, it's a start. It'll take a few weeks or months to fully clean out the infestation. After that, we'll have to get down there with some torches to burn away the webbing.$b$bYou've done your duty well, $n, I'm sure I can find something else for you to do.","","","","",""
381,"The Scarlet Crusade","You'll be happy to know we appear to be making progress in the mine (thanks in no small part to your efforts), and we can turn our eyes to other concerns.$b$bMy scouts have reported that a detachment of the Scarlet Crusade is setting up a camp southeast of here. The Scarlet Crusade is a despicable organization that hunts us, and they will not rest until every undead--Lich King's Scourge or no--is destroyed. We must strike first!$b$bBe careful, their unholy zeal makes them dangerous adversaries.","Bring Executor Arren 8 Scarlet Armbands from Scarlet Converts and Scarlet Initiates.","If only they listened to reason, eh, $n? Perhaps we could sit them down for reasonable discourse... ha!$b$bLight-blinded fools.","","","","",""
382,"The Red Messenger","Reports from my superiors in Brill indicate that an agent of the Scarlet Crusade was dispatched from the Scarlet Monastery and sent here to Deathknell. According to the reports, the messenger possesses important information on his person. I do not have further details, but whatever it is, we must have it!$b$bYou're the most qualified person I have to send, $n. Find that messenger and bring me whatever information you can find.","Kill Meven Korgal, the messenger, at the Crusader camp, then return any information you find to Executor Arren.","Hmm... Let's see what you've got...$b$b<He begins to rifle through the documents you recovered.>$b$bSome news of their exploits against us... Worthless. Scouting reports... New orders, \"Continue to build up a camp near the ruined city...\" Nothing we didn't know already... Ah, what's this? A map of the dispositions of some of their field commanders and agents! We can use this.","","","","",""
383,"Vital Intelligence","These will need to be taken to my superior, Executor Zygand, in Brill. With this information, we'll be able to deal a decisive blow to the Scarlet Crusade. Your services have been useful here in Deathknell, but I need someone to deliver this to Zygand, and I believe he'll be able to find you more appropriate work.$b$bTake the road north out of Deathknell. Soon after entering Tirisfal proper, you'll hit a crossroads. Take the eastern fork, and keep going east. You'll pass Cold Hearth Manor along the way.","Deliver the Scarlet Crusade Documents to Executor Zygand in Brill.","Yes, this is very good. You've done well in obtaining this information, $n. Hmm... names of the officers in the Tirisfal Glades...$b$bImagine the blow we could deal to the morale of those bloody zealots if we were to kill their leaders in one swift strike.","","","","",""
384,"Beer Basted Boar Ribs","Nothing my tavern patrons enjoy more than some Beer Basted Boar Ribs!  Only problem is, the local trapper who used to bring me supplies enlisted in the King's Army to help with the war on the Alliance front. $b$bMaybe you can help me out?  If you bring me six crag boar ribs and a Rhapsody Malt from the tavern here, I'll give you the family recipe for my famous Beer Basted Boar Ribs, not to mention a free sample!  The secret's in the Malt!","Ragnar Thunderbrew in Kharanos wants 6 Crag Boar Ribs and a mug of Rhapsody Malt.","The Malt is brewed, the Boars are dead$bAnd before all is done and anything said$bWe will have to fight for first dibs$bOn these savory Beer Basted Boar Ribs!","","","","",""
385,"Crocolisk Hunting","Many a hunter is attracted to Loch Modan to hunt our famous crocs. There are always merchants who seek out crocolisk skins for clothing items or armor, and there are also some who enjoy the taste of their meat.$b$bWe do some trade in this, but not a huge amount, as the crocolisks are ferocious and have entrenched themselves on the islands in the Loch. But don't let me dissuade you, it's quite an experience, wrestling with the jaws of the beasts.$b$bWhy, this one time...","Get 5 pieces of Crocolisk Meat and 6 Crocolisk Skins for Marek Ironheart at the Farstrider Lodge.","Well now, these are excellent specimens you collected, $N. Good money for high quality materials, that's for sure.","","","","",""
386,"What Comes Around...","Targorr the Dread served under Gath'Ilzogg as supreme Executioner.  His methods were ruthless, even by filthy orc standards.  Men who fought bravely to defend the Kingdom were tortured on his whim.  Now he is being held in the Stormwind Stockade, sentenced to die.  Yet something is amiss.  One of the bureaucratic nobles put a hold on his execution.  I am sure foul play is in the works.$b$bPut an end to Targorr the Dread, $N.  Travel to The Stockade and behead him before trickery is upon us.","Bring the head of Targorr the Dread to Guard Berton in Lakeshire.","Targorr the Dread has finally met his fate. I for one am glad to hear the beast now knows what it is like to be on the receiving end of Death's ruthless grip. You have done well, $N. Sometimes the truest justice can only be found outside the courtroom and beyond the clouded vision of politics.","","","","",""
387,"Quell The Uprising","The uprising must be quelled!  I need your assistance.  If word gets out that the prison is overrun I will lose my job!  This is a case of foul play if I've ever seen one.  But what's important now is forcing these prisoners into submission for the safety of Stormwind.$b$bThe punishment for insurgency is death.  Kill some of these deviants!  That ought to get things under control.","Warden Thelwater of Stormwind wants you to kill 10 Defias Prisoners, 8 Defias Convicts, and 8 Defias Insurgents in The Stockade.","Your efforts in The Stockade were valiant, $N. It's obvious this problem is bigger than the both of us. But you have performed well and for that I am thankful.","","","","",""
388,"The Color of Blood","Bitterness flows through my veins like a cold river.  My grandson, Mac, was such a good boy.  A mere 14 years old.  When the army was sent off to the front, Mac took up arms to defend the city.  He was a guard in The Stockade, where the Defias gang is locked up.  Mac reprimanded some of the prisoners for tearing their wool blankets to make scarves, a symbol of their gang.  For that Mac was stabbed in the back.$b$bI want revenge.  Bring me 10 of their precious Wool Bandanas.  They are the color of blood.","Nikova Raskol of Stormwind wants you to collect 10 Red Wool Bandanas.","So these bandanas -- filthy tokens of corruption -- are what my Mac had to die for?  Such a waste.  Such a tragic sacrifice. $b$bBut alas, I cannot return to the past.  Just know, $N, that you have brought my family justice through your deeds.","","","","",""
389,"Bazil Thredd","VanCleef and I were members of the Stonemasons Guild. Our main project was to rebuild Stormwind after the War.$B$BWhen we had finished our duties, we were cheated. The nobles refused to pay us for our work. Some of the more senior of the Stonemasons were offered governmental jobs, but VanCleef refused it out of loyalty to all the Stonemasons. He led a riot and left the city, swearing revenge.$b$bHis lieutenant, Bazil Thredd, might know more about VanCleef's plans. He's being held prisoner in the Stockade.","Speak with Warden Thelwater in the Stockade.","What in the Light do you want? Can't you see we have a crisis here?$b$bBazil Thredd?! Why would you want to speak with that bastard? How am I supposed to know you're not one of his cronies, come down to help with his bloody riot? If all the blasted cells weren't open, I might throw you in one for a while!","","","","",""
391,"The Stockade Riots","Let's get one thing straight, $N: I don't trust you. But, with the situation as it is, you probably won't make a difference.$B$BSo here's how it's going to be: go down there and have your talk with Thredd. If you're really on our side, then kill him and bring me his head when the job's done. And if it turns out you're on his side, and don't come out... when we find you, you'll die along with the rest of the maggots.","Kill Bazil Thredd and bring his head back to Warden Thelwater at the Stockade.","Without Thredd to lead them, hopefully the riots will be more controllable. We shall see.$b$bI must say, after a half hour, I hardly expected you to come out, but it seems I misjudged you.$b$bI'd guess, then, that you didn't get much useful information out of him? But I know a thing or two that might be of interest to you about Thredd's activities.","","","","",""
392,"The Curious Visitor","During the first years of Thredd's imprisonment, he never had any visitors. I figured that he was no longer of use to the Brotherhood, so they abandoned him.$B$BAnyway, a few months ago, that all changed; he started to get regular visits... once, maybe twice a week. It was a strange man--the quiet type. I had my suspicions, but all his papers checked out.$B$BHis documents claimed his name was Maelik; here's his description. I don't think he'll be coming to visit Thredd anymore.","Bring the Sealed Description of Thredd's Visitor to Baros Alexston in Stormwind.","Hmm. Maelik? No, the name doesn't sound familiar and neither does this description. But it could be anybody! A former Stonemason, one of the Defias Brotherhood... Though if he is as well connected as Thelwater suggests, perhaps someone else might recognize him. Let me think.","","","","",""
393,"Shadow of the Past","I really haven't a clue, $N. There is someone else who might be able to help you, and it so happens that he owes me a favor for--well, let's not get into that. Master Mathias Shaw of SI:7 can be found in the barracks in Old Town. Shaw has his thumb on most of the shady, or underhanded dealings of the city.$B$BIf anyone knows, it'd be him.","Bring the Sealed Description of Thredd's Visitor to Master Mathias Shaw in Stormwind.","What? What's this? Yes, I think I do know who this man is, but his name is not Maelik. Assassins wear many names and many masks, discarding them as they lose their usefulness. Another alias known to be used by this man is Marzon; though even that is surely not his true name.$b$bRegardless, he is an assassin and I know a good deal about him.$b$bMarzon is currently under the employ of Lord Gregor Lescovar, a lord of shady reputation, even given the corruption of the nobility of Stormwind.","","","","",""
394,"The Head of the Beast","Find Shaw in Old Town. Let him know that the Lescovar threat has been dealt with and about your involvement in the Lord's plots against the city. I'm sure he'll be proud to have another hero among Stormwind's citizens.$B$BHe'll more than likely send you off to meet with the Prince or some other noble. Don't let it get to your head, $N. The nobles can think they rule the city all they want, but some things remain out of their hands.","Speak to Mathias Shaw in Stormwind.","He is dead, then? Your justice was swift, $N. I pray to the Light that I never become your quarry!$b$b<He laughs and claps you on the shoulder.>$b$bI mean no criticism, $N. How could I, being the master of all assassins? But in truth, you have done the people of Stormwind a great service, and for that, I thank you.","","","","",""
395,"Brotherhood's End","Ah, I almost forgot. Alexston came while you were away, he wished to speak with you. No doubt he wishes to report the goings-on of the Defias Brotherhood to the nobles.$B$BA bit of advice, $N: if anyone should ask, I would provide all details but that it was your hand that slew Lescovar. Trust me. I am... acquainted... with the ways of such things.$B$BAnd as far as Trias goes, well, speak to no one of him... ever... if you can help it.","Speak with Baros Alexston in Stormwind.","It's good to see you, $N. I have heard that Lord Gregor Lescovar was found dead not long ago.$b$bIt would seem that you were successful in your mission. You have my gratitude that you have saved me, and many others, from VanCleef's revenge.","","","","",""
396,"An Audience with the King","I have prepared a report for the King. I believe you should be the one to deliver it to him, along with an account of your findings. Do not worry, there is no doubt that he will commend you for doing your duty to the people of Stormwind.$B$BYour audience is scheduled soon, so you'd best hurry, it's a bit of a ways to Stormwind Keep.","Deliver Baros Alexston's report on the Defias Brotherhood to King Varian Wrynn in Stormwind Keep.","You are to be commended for the service you have done for Stormwind, $N. If VanCleef had been successful in his machinations, he would no doubt have done considerable harm to the kingdom - something we must obviously avoid.$B$BTake this, $C, as a token of the King's appreciation. I am only sorry he cannot present it to you himself, but he is away on a diplomatic mission and shall not return for some time.","","","","",""
397,"You Have Served Us Well","I hear Lord Wishock enjoyed his beverage.  $b$bYou have served us well, $N.  The Warlocks of Stormwind will be able to practice our ways without disturbance, thanks to you.  For your efforts, I have prepared a special gift for you.  Speak with my servant, Zggi, and claim your reward.","Speak with Zggi, the servant of Zardeth the Blackclaw, to claim your reward.","Master says give gift to $N. Zggi wants to keep nice gift but Zggi knows better than to betray Master.","","","","",""
398,"Wanted: Maggot Eye","Wanted: Maggot Eye!$b$bA foul beast, even by Gnoll standards, Maggot Eye has been sentenced to death for his crimes against The Forsaken.  This despicable villain has been stealing corpses for use by the Lich King's army.  Maggot Eye was last seen pillaging the lands near Garren's Haunt to the north of Brill.$b$bThe town of Brill hereby offers a reward to the capable soul who can carry out the execution.  Show Executor Zygand the villain's paw once the deed is done.$b$bMercy is for the weak.","Kill Maggot Eye and return to Executor Zygand in Brill with his paw for a reward.","Maggot Eye's dastardly acts have finally been avenged.  Maybe your acts of valor will send a clear message to those who wish to bring harm to our people.  On behalf of the town of Brill I thank you, $N.","","","","",""
399,"Humble Beginnings","It seems an eternity since I was a boy working the farm in Westfall. They say you can never go back, and it's true. Doubly true in my case, my family's home has been burned down and taken over by thieves.$b$bI have spoken with my father about the fate of some of my possessions, including my first compass. He was unable to save them. However, he also says that they should be hidden away on the farm.$b$bYou'll find the Alexston Farmstead west of Sentinel Hill. Perhaps you could go and retrieve it for me?","Go to Baros Alexston's house in Westfall and search for his compass, then return it to him in the Trade District of Stormwind.","Oh, thank you, $N! It's of no practical use to me, but the sentimental value... Needless to say, thank you for bringing this to me... at some cost to your own well-being, not to mention the time it took to go all the way down to Westfall. You have my gratitude, and have this as a token of my thanks.","","","","",""
400,"Tools for Steelgrill","Beldin Steelgrill owns the local mechanic shop, and he's the best siege engine tech there is!  But he's not forgiving to his tools.  I swear he almost breaks more arclite spanners than we can supply him with!$B$BWe just filled his last order for tools.  If you deliver it to him I'm sure he'll make it worth the effort.$B$BHis shop, Steelgrill's Depot, is just northeast of Kharanos.  And it's a local haunt for veteran siege engine pilots, so keep your ears open for opportunities while you're there.","Deliver Steelgrill's Tools to Beldin Steelgrill.","You have my tools?  Well done, $glad:lass;, well done!  I just broke my last fang-ratchet an hour ago and I need one of those to finish repairs on Pilot Stonegear's siege engine.  You did a good thing by lugging those tools here, $N.$B$BHere, take these coins for your help.","","","","",""
401,"Wait for Sirra to Finish","I'm almost finished translating that note.  If you come back in a few moments I should be done.","Wait a moment, then speak with Sirra Von'Indi again.","There we are.  It's translated...$B$B<The air grows heavy, as if a thick, black curtain is drawn over the land...>","","","","",""
403,"Guarded Thunderbrew Barrel","","","This barrel of ale is guarded by Jarven Thunderbrew.  As long as he's in the basement, no barrels may be disturbed.","","","","",""
404,"A Putrid Task","Scourge have trickled into Tirisfal Glades and have infested the area west of Brill, near the old bridge.$B$BGo there and beat back the Rotting Dead and Ravaged Corpses you find.  Scatter their bones and bring back their Putrid Claws, and the Deathguards will reward you.","Bring 7 Putrid Claws to Deathguard Dillinger in Brill.","Well done.  I regret not being there to see you smash those undead into rotting pulp!","","","","",""
405,"The Prodigal Lich","Bethor Iceshard, a high-ranking and powerful mage in the Undercity to the south, commands me to send him an agent with proven worth against the Scourge.  You, $N, will be that agent.$B$BPresent these orders to Bethor.  He will then instruct you on your mission.  I don't know its details, but it deals with recruiting a wayward Lich.  And it will be dangerous.$B$BSo ready yourself, $C.  You must not fail.$B$BYou may find Bethor in the Magic Quarter of the Undercity.","Present Sevren's Orders to Bethor Iceshard in the Undercity.","Ah, you are the agent sent by Magistrate Sevren.  Then yes, your business with me is crucial.$B$BI trust Sevren has mustered someone suitable for my task...but we shall see.","","","","",""
407,"Fields of Grief","Harmless pumpkins, right?  Or so it would seem.  If we are to defeat Arthas's advances from the North and the Human infestation from the South we need to start realizing the full potential of our gift of undeath.$b$bWith a little ingenuity a simple pumpkin becomes an agent for our Dark Lady.  This pumpkin, laced with my latest formula, will prove to be quite a treat.$b$bYet another Scarlet Zealot has been captured and is being kept in the cellar of the Gallow's End Tavern.  Take this pumpkin to the fool.","Take the Laced Pumpkin to the Captured Scarlet Zealot who is being held in the cellar of the Gallow's End Tavern.","By the Light!  Finally some food!  Sweet, sweet pumpkin. . . .","","","","",""
408,"The Family Crypt","The Agamand Mills area has become a foothold for the Scourge.  Their strongest point is the Agamand Family Crypt where their local military leader, a skeleton named Captain Dargol, has headquartered.  With Necromancy he has raised the ancestors of the Agamands and plans to use them against us.$B$BThis cannot pass, and you must stop it.  Travel to the Agamand Family Crypt and defeat the raised Agamand ancestors.$B$BAnd, bring me the skull of Captain Dargol.","Kill 8 Wailing Ancestors and 8 Rotting Ancestors.$B$BKill Captain Dargol, and bring his skull to Magistrate Sevren in Brill.","Your actions struck a telling blow against the Scourge.  And your victory will not go unnoticed - not by the Forsaken, nor by our enemies.$B$BContinue the struggle as we all do, $N, and one day we will drive the Lich King himself from Azeroth!","","","","",""
409,"Proving Allegiance","You say you are not bound by the will of the Lich King, and the enchantment Bethor placed upon my book corroborates this.  But before I believe you I must have proof that you are enemy to the Scourge.$B$BThere is an old, bloody altar just off the southern coast of this island.  it is used by a powerful Scourge agent, Lillith Nefara.$B$BTake a Candle of Beckoning from this crate here.  Light it on the altar and Lillith will awake.  Destroy Lillith, and I will believe you are the Lich King's foe.","Obtain a Candle of Beckoning.$B$BSummon Lillith Nefara and kill her.$B$BReturn to Gunther on his island.","You have defeated Lillith Nefara, proving you are an enemy of the Scourge.  Incredible.$B$BI had believed I was the only Undead with free will, but you have shown me there are others who have broken the Lich King's domination.","","","","",""
410,"The Dormant Shade","","","You place the Candle of Beckoning upon the table and light it...","","","","",""
411,"The Prodigal Lich Returns","Take this Nether Gem to my old comrade Bethor.  It will let us communicate ... and I have much to tell him.","Bring the Nether Gem to Bethor Iceshard in the Undercity.","You convinced him to join us!  You have done a great deed for the Forsaken, $N.  The Dark Lady will be informed.","","","","",""
412,"Operation Recombobulation","Upon further analysis of the Gnomeregan situation, it would appear as though we not only failed to eradicate the troggs but we also happened to turn most of the gnomish race into horrific, mindless, evil-doing leper gnomes.$b$bOzzie and I plan to reverse the horrible leper effect with our latest invention: The Recombobulator.  The machine is almost complete but we are in dire need of some Restabilization Cogs and Gyromechanic Gears.  Retrieve some from the leper gnomes out front of Gnomeregan for us.","Bring Razzle Sprysprocket in Kharanos 8 Restabilization Cogs and 8 Gyromechanic Gears.","These Gyromechanic Gears and Restabilization Cogs are in perfect accordance with Ozzie's schematics for the Recombobulation Device.  Once I add some hydrolubricant to the inner combustion pistons, adjust the crank-o-ratchet and increase of the viscosity of the electrogum gel, the gnomish race will be as good as new.","","","","",""
413,"Shimmer Stout","I'd like my brother Wellart to try my new Shimmer Stout.  He's a Mountaineer stationed in the southern guard tower, one of two towers on the border to Loch Modan.$B$BHe may not be a brewer like the rest of us Barleybrews, but he loves his drinks and I know he'll like this one.$B$BCan you bring him this Barrel of Shimmer Stout for me?","Take the Barrel of Shimmer Stout to Mountaineer Barleybrew.","<Mountaineer Barleybrew tastes the Shimmer Stout...>$b$bOh. Whoa! This stuff really puts a shine in your eyes. I feel like I can see in the dark!","","","","",""
414,"Stout to Kadrell","I've been drinking more of that Shimmer Stout my brother made - it's great stuff!  I want a fellow Mountaineer to try it.  His name's Kadrell, and he's usually patrolling the road through Thelsamar in Loch Modan.$B$BTo get to Thelsamar, go southeast through the tunnel, then turn northeast when the path forks into a road.  Follow that road straight into Thelsamar.$B$BGive Mountaineer Kadrell this cask of Shimmer Stout and see what he thinks!","Take the Cask of Shimmer Stout to Mountaineer Kadrell.","Now, let me have a taste...$b$bMagni's Beard! This stuff gets your head turning! And it lightens the limbs, too.$b$bI feel like I can fly!","","","","",""
415,"Rejold's New Brew","Rejold Barleybrew at Brewnall Village has been asking for you.$B$BHe wants to talk to you about a new drink he's been brewing...said something about you helping him with it.  You might want to head back to Brewnall Village and see what he has to say.$B$BThere could be some free booze in it for you...","Speak with Rejold Barleybrew.","$N! You know that Shimmerweed you brought me? Well I used it in a few recipes I've been working on, and one of them turned out great!$b$bHere, try it out and tell me what you think...","","","","",""
416,"Rat Catching","We have a real infestation problem to the west.  Tunnel rat kobolds have moved into the foothills, setting up dens and fouling our land with their filth!$B$BWe want them eliminated.  Hunt them, bring me their ears and earn their bounty.$B$BYou can find tunnel rat kobolds and their dens west of Thelsamar, littered along the mountainside.","Bring 12 Tunnel Rat Ears to Mountaineer Kadrell in Thelsamar.","Ugh! When I asked for those ears I didn't realize they'd smell so bad!$b$bHere's your reward, $N. Well done.","","","","",""
417,"A Pilot's Revenge","Hildelve wrote in his journal that he was attacked by Mangeclaw, a \"huge Ice Claw Bear.\"  He drove off the beast, but not before it mauled him savagely.$B$BJudging from the state of Hildelve's body, Mangeclaw must have later returned and killed him.$B$BHowever, Hildelve wrote in his journal his one, final wish:$B$BRevenge against Mangeclaw.","Kill Mangeclaw.$B$BBring his Mangy Claw and Hildelve's Journal to Pilot Hammerfoot.","This is grim news, for Hildelve was a good friend. And I wish I could have been there with you when you found the beast, Mangeclaw!$b$bThank you, $N. Your deed will be remembered by the pilots of the Ironforge Siege Brigade.","","","","",""
418,"Thelsamar Blood Sausages","There's never a shortage of empty bellies here in Thelsamar, kids running in and out, workers from the excavation coming in after  a hard day's work. We're famous for our blood sausages, I don't suppose you've ever tried them?$b$bNo? Well, around here you've got to work for your meals, and don't think just because you're a fancy $c, you'll be any exception.$b$bI'll need bear meat, boar intestines for the casings, and spider ichor for spice. You get me some of those, and leave the cooking to Vidra!","Bring 3 pieces of Bear Meat, 3 Boar Intestines, and 3 Spider Ichor to Vidra Hearthstove in Thelsamar.","Trust me, it seems a lot harder than it looks, but...$b$bOh, I've never known someone to take much interest in the making of sausages, but I'll give you the recipe just in case. Here you go, mind you eat them fresh!","","","","",""
419,"The Lost Pilot","My friend and fellow Siege Engine pilot, Mori Hildelve, is lost in the hills.  We were looking for a rare ore that's needed for a high-grade blastpowder, and during our search he drove his engine up a steep hill and busted it!$B$BStill convinced that ore was in these mountains, Hildelve charged me to guard our engines while he continued on foot, searching.$B$BIt's been days, and I've heard some beastly growls in the hills at night.  Mori's tough as nails, but I'm worried.$B$BPlease, $N.  Find him.","Find Pilot Hildelve.","Here is the corpse of a dwarf -- mauled, frozen, and picked clean by mountain scavengers. Clutched in its hand is a book containing the roughly scribbled notes of Mori Hildelve. And around its frame, still in superior condition, is a Brigadier's Vest.$b$bThis grisly scene must have been where the Siege Engine pilot met his end.","","","","",""
420,"Senir's Observations","The troggs in the tunnel are extremely hostile, and haven't shown any hesitation in attacking travelers through the tunnel. You seem tough enough, though, so you should probably be safe.$b$bDirections? If you're going to speak with Senir, you'll find him in Kharanos.$b$bMake your way through the tunnel, and after you come out on the other side, just keep following the road, it'll run right into Kharanos.","Deliver Grelin's report to Senir Whitebeard in Kharanos.","What's this? Ah, my brother's report. Hmm...$b$bI told him to be sparing with the use of the King's name, but he didn't listen. No harm, I suppose, though it's sure to ruffle some feathers in the Senate. Not that those weren't some feathers that needed ruffling! Hah!$b$bNonetheless, I guess that means that I should send my report on to Ironforge as well, but I must admit I'm a bit behind. Bloody cold.$b$bI should have some work for you later, if you're interested.","","","","",""
421,"Prove Your Worth","Lady Sylvanas has charged Varimathras with the conquering of the human and dwarven lands to the south.$b$bBut that fool, Arugal -- charlatan of Dalaran and now cursed beast of Shadowfang Keep -- let his reckless magic wreak havoc with the strategic stronghold of Silverpine Forest.$b$bI need someone skilled in the ways of combat to help clean up Arugal's mess.  Prove yourself to me by killing 5 Moonrage Whitescalps.  The wretched beasts can often be found just off the road, down the hill below.","Dalar Dawnweaver at the Sepulcher wants you to kill 5 Moonrage Whitescalps.","You have served me well, $c.  It is obvious to me that you will be a worthy aide to me as I prepare to rid Silverpine Forest of Arugal's curse.","","","","",""
422,"Arugal's Folly","How Arugal gained acceptance within the Kirin Tor is beyond me.  His spell-casting knowledge seemed as transparent as a blown glass bauble.$b$bWhat's important now is learning exactly what magic Arugal used so that I can turn it against him and secure Silverpine Forest for the Dark Lady.$b$bArugal first stayed at the wheat farm just north of the bridge.  One of the Deathstalkers reported seeing some spellbooks but could not secure them.  Retrieve for me the spell labeled Remedy of Arugal from those books.","Retrieve the Remedy of Arugal for Dalar Dawnweaver at the Sepulcher.","This is precisely the spell I was in search of, $c.  If your dedication to The Dark Lady's cause remains infallible you will find you have quite a future amongst The Forsaken.","","","","",""
423,"Arugal's Folly","After examining Arugal's work my worst suspicions were confirmed.  The old hack was not qualified to clean chamber pots in Dalaran let alone represent the Kirin Tor in its most dire hour.  Fools!$b$bArugal used enchanted items to reinforce his weak magic.  I need to examine these items first hand.  Travel forth and slay Moonrage Gluttons and Moonrage Darksouls until you have collected enough of their enchanted shackles for my research.  The foul creatures have been seen to the north and east.","Bring 6 Glutton Shackles and 3 Darksoul Shackles to Dalar Dawnweaver at the Sepulcher.","I hope I can acquire enough energy from such a limited sample. Perhaps I should have had you get more shackles.$b$bNonetheless, you showed great skill in collecting these, $C.","","","","",""
424,"Arugal's Folly","It will indeed take me longer than I had thought to uncover the dark secrets behind the enchantments Arugal was using.$b$bBut in the meantime I need you to take care of a slight problem our Darkstalkers have discovered.  It seems that Arugal let his magic spread to the Deep Elem Mine in the hills to the southeast.$b$bThe mine would prove to be quite a resource for Varimathras's advance.$b$bI want you to behead the tainted foreman of the mine, Grimson the Pale.  With his death, the mine shall be ours.","Kill Grimson the Pale and bring his head to Dalar Dawnweaver at the Sepulcher.","Most excellent. The mine will provide superb resources for our forces as we spread throughout Silverpine and into Azeroth.","","","","",""
425,"Ivar the Foul","My brother Quinn and I were tasked to recon Silverpine Forest and report to High Executor Hadrec.  But we didn't get far -- when moving through this farm we were attacked by the ghoul Ivar the Foul.$B$BWe escaped from Ivar, but he seriously mauled Quinn.  He's healing from the potion you gave him, but Ivar may return before Quinn recovers.$B$BKill Ivar so Quinn will have time to heal.  Ivar is usually in the barn yonder, waiting for my guard to drop.","Kill Ivar the Foul, and bring Ivar's Head to Rane Yorick at the Ivar Patch.","Ah, thank you.  You have my gratitude, $N.$B$BAnd I will include you in the report I make to my superiors.","","","","",""
426,"The Mills Overrun","The Scourge are trying to form a base at the Agamand Mills.  If they do, then they can stage further attacks within Tirisfal.$B$BThe orders have been given.  The Scourge in the Mills must be destroyed.$B$BGo to the Mills.  Collect Notched Ribs from Rattlecage and Cracked Skull Soldiers, and Blackened Skulls from Darkeye Bonecasters.$B$BTo get to the Mills, follow the road west.  After crossing the bridge, take the next fork north then keep going north.  When you see windmills, the battle will begin.","Gather 5 Notched Ribs and 3 Blackened Skulls, then return to Deathguard Dillinger in Brill.","Your efforts in the war are felt among us, $N.  I will not thank you for doing what is necessary, but the Deathguards of Tirisfal will remember your name.","","","","",""
427,"At War With The Scarlet Crusade","The documents Executor Arren provided are just the break we needed in our battle with the wretched Scarlet Crusade.  We now know their exact locations throughout Tirisfal Glades.$b$bBut the Deathguard has larger concerns.  The Lich King's army grows in number each night.  We need someone with \"initiative\" like yourself to drive the Scarlet Crusade to the grave.$b$bProve to me you are capable of serving The Dark Lady by travelling west to the tower past the Solliden Farmstead and slay 10 Scarlet Warriors.","Executor Zygand of Brill wants you to kill 10 Scarlet Warriors.","Most excellent, $c.  Your skill in the art of combat is undeniable.","","","","",""
428,"Lost Deathstalkers","A couple weeks ago two of our Deathstalkers, Rane and Quinn Yorick, were sent on a reconnaissance mission through northern Silverpine.  We have not heard from them.$B$BThey may have become victim to the Scourge, though if that is true then I want it confirmed.  Find these Deathstalkers.$B$BTheir first objective was to scout the farms in northern Silverpine.  You should begin your search there.","Find the Deathstalkers Quinn and Rane Yorick.","You found us! And not a moment too soon...","","","","",""
429,"Wild Hearts","My brother Quinn was badly hurt by the ghoul, Ivar the Foul, and I don't know if he will heal properly without magical aid.  Although I am not an apothecary, I do know that our apothecaries can make healing potions from the discolored hearts of worgs.$B$BGather such hearts and take them to Apothecary Renferrel at the Sepulcher to the south.  Then return here with the potion.$B$BYou can find plenty of worgs between here and Malden's Orchard to the east.","Gather 6 discolored worg hearts and bring them to Apothecary Renferrel at the Sepulcher.","<Renferrel takes the hearts.>$B$BIt is troubling to hear our Deathstalkers have failed their mission.$B$BLet us hope that these failures are rare.$B$BI'll give you the potion in a moment, but here is its recipe - if those Deathstalkers find themselves in need of future aid, then perhaps you can give it yourself.","","","","",""
430,"Return to Quinn","Here is the potion to aid in Quinn Yorick's recovery.$B$BNow if you will excuse me, I have very important work to continue...","Bring Quinn's potion to Quinn Yorick at the Ivar Patch, north of the Sepulcher.","<Quinn takes the potion and drinks it.>$B$BYes, I can feel it working.  I will soon be able to travel.$B$BYou have done me a great favor, $N.","","","","",""
431,"Candles of Beckoning","","","You grab one of the candles and place it in your pack.","","","","",""
432,"Those Blasted Troggs!","Those Light-blasted troggs, turning my work site into a wreck! Look at that, there goes another barrel of powder!$b$bOhhh, I wish I could go down there and wring every one of their scrawny little necks! I want to kill them all!$b$bThis can't be good for my health, all this stress and anger... What have they left me with? Nothing!$b$bI'd kill them myself, but my aim's no good anymore! You go into the quarry and kill some of the filthy buggers! I'll pay you! Just hurt them, kill them!","Kill 6 Rockjaw Skullthumpers for Foreman Stonebrow at the Gol'Bolar quarry.","Well, that makes me feel a little better...$b$bBut I won't be happy until they're all dead! All of them!","","","","",""
433,"The Public Servant","As a member of the Senate and the Explorers' League, I've taken it upon myself to take care of this part of the trogg infestation that has gripped our lands.$b$bThey've certainly made a mess of Gol'Bolar quarry, and for no reason. As we dug deep into the earth, they poured out, destroying our equipment and driving the miners out. There's not much for us to do but to exterminate the lot of them, rebuild, then get back to work.$b$bIf you help me with the troggs, I'll gladly recompense you for your time.","Kill 10 Rockjaw Bonesnappers for Senator Mehr Stonehallow at the Gol'Bolar quarry.","It is a start. Hopefully we can take advantage of it, and move some Mountaineers in to secure the area. Then we can begin to restore our infrastructure and get the miners back to work.$b$bThank you for your assistance, $N.","","","","",""
434,"The Attack!","After I put on Spybot's disguise, he'll head in to talk to Lescovar. The guards should let him pass no problem.$B$BWhile you were getting materials for me, I took care of informing Marzon that it was time for him and Lescovar to meet again. I even dropped some false information.$B$BLescovar will dismiss his guards and wait for Marzon out here in the garden. After you catch wind of talk about the Defias, make your move. You need to kill them both before the guards return! When you're done, speak to Trias.","Remain in the garden until Lord Gregor Lescovar and Marzon the Silent Blade have had their conversation. Afterwards, kill them both before returning to Elling Trias in Stormwind.","So it is done? Good. Thank you greatly for your discretion, $N. You've proven worthy on more than one count. I'll be sure to keep my eyes on you and your progress within the Alliance.$B$BBe sure to keep your nose clean.","Overhear Lescovar and Marzon's Conversation","","","",""
435,"Escorting Erland","The wolves outside won't leave, and they eye me evilly every time I step foot out that door.  They must be incredibly hungry to think I'm worth eating.$B$BI have to report to my teammate, the Deathstalker Rane Yorick.  And to get to Rane, I'll need help against those wolves.$B$BPlease escort me!  And there are a lot of wolves out there, so we'll have a better chance if you have friends who can help...","Escort Erland through the wolves, to Rane Yorick.","Thank you for the aid, $N.  I had feared Erland was overcome by the dangers of Silverpine.  With your help, I see that he has not.","Erland must reach Rane Yorick","","","",""
436,"Ironband's Excavation","Prospector Ironband is heading an excavation of ancient ruins east of the lake.  His progress has been slow lately, especially considering all the supplies we've sent him.$B$BIronband's a stout, honest dwarf who values results, which has me worried that forces are at work against him.$B$BGo to Ironband's Excavation and speak with Magmar Fellhew.  He manages the details of the site and will know why there's a slowdown.$B$BTo get to the excavation site, go around the southern tip of the lake, then head east.","Speak with Explorer Fellhew.","Jern wants to know what the slowdown is, eh?$b$bIronband is putting together his latest progress report with details, but I can tell you this:$b$bIt's the Troggs!!","","","","",""
437,"The Dead Fields","Our initial scouting reports of Silverpine show the rot hides have a base at an old farm to the north, the Dead Fields.  We have sent small assaults against them, but each time they are reinforced by the banshee Nightlash, who uses her magic to rout our forces.$B$BWe want Nightlash destroyed.$B$BGo to the Dead Fields and assault the rot hides.  If you don't see Nightlash then kill the rot hides until she appears, then defeat her.$B$BHer essence will turn to dust.  Bring me that dust as proof.","Kill rot hide gnolls at the Dead Fields.$B$BWhen Nightlash appears, kill her.$B$BBring the Essence of Nightlash to High Executor Hadrec at the Sepulcher.","I heard of your successful raid against the rot hides, $N, and this essence is proof of Nightlash's death.$B$BThe Scourge have lost ground this day.  Your value to the Forsaken grows.","Enter the Dead Fields","","","",""
438,"The Decrepit Ferry","$N, we've discovered a new hive for the Scourge: the Decrepit Ferry.  The ferry lies east of the Sepulcher, and is heavily patrolled by rot hides and other undead.$B$BThere must be a reason for the Scourge's occupation of the area.  Go to the Decrepit Ferry and find out why the Scourge are there.","Go to the Decrepit Ferry.$B$BSearch for the reason the Scourge are there.","Heaped within this boat is a pile of wrapped corpses. And looking east across Lordamere Lake, an opposing dock on Fenris Isle can be seen.$B$BThe fate of the corpses must lie on Fenris Isle.","","","","",""
439,"Rot Hide Clues","Among the corpses a hand protrudes, unwrapped.  It is the hand of a woman, pockmarked from the plague but relatively fresh.  $B$BOn the hand is a ring.  Removing the ring and inspecting it reveals an engraving:$B$B\"For Deliah\"","Bring Deliah's Ring to High Executor Hadrec at the Sepulcher.","You say that this ring was worn by a woman, recently killed?$B$BThe only nearby source of such a body would be the mass graves in Tirisfal. The Rot Hide Gnolls must be taking those corpses to Fenris Isle!","","","","",""
440,"The Engraved Ring","If you want to find the husband or beloved who gave Deliah her ring... then speak with Magistrate Sevren in Brill.  He should have records of recent deaths and, with luck, can discover who Deliah is.$B$BBut I wouldn't hope.  Whoever gave her the ring is probably dead.  Or if he's undead he probably no longer cares about Deliah.","Bring Deliah's Ring to Magistrate Sevren in Brill.","A Deliah did live in Brill not long ago. She was buried in the mass grave but if what you say is true, then the Rot Hide Gnolls must have stolen her body and taken it to Silverpine.$b$bThe Rot Hides, like all the Scourge, must be destroyed. I trust you are taking steps to make that happen.","","","","",""
441,"Raleigh and the Undercity","Deliah had a husband, Raleigh, who now dwells in the Undercity.  If the Deliah who lived in Brill is the one who owned this ring, then Raleigh will know.$B$BRaleigh is in the Trade Quarter of the Undercity.","Bring Deliah's Ring to Raleigh.","Yes, this ring was my wife's. Her fate was the fate of all who fail to endure these harsh times. I feel nothing for her death, nor for the story you tell of her body's abduction.$b$bSuch feelings have long since grown cold within me. But desire does still burn in my dead heart, $N.$b$bDesire for revenge.","","","","",""
442,"Assault on Fenris Isle","Now is the time to assault the Scourge's place of strength in Silverpine: Fenris Isle.$B$BYou must again go to the Isle and destroy Thule Ravenclaw.  I want his head!$B$BThis mission is as dangerous as it is vital, $N.  You must not fail.","Bring Thule's Head to High Executor Hadrec at the Sepulcher.","The death of Thule Ravenclaw was no small event, $N. Renferrel tells me that the energies released when you destroyed Thule were felt even as far as the Sepulcher.$b$bYour actions ring through the ranks of the Forsaken. Your value to us grows.","","","","",""
443,"Rot Hide Ichor","Before we launch an assault on Fenris Isle, we must determine who is behind the rot hide gnolls.  Our apothecaries believe their origin lies within the strange fluid that flows through their bodies.$B$BGo to Fenris Isle, east of the Decrepit Ferry, and collect rot hide ichor from the gnolls you find there.  Bring it to Apothecary Renferrel, stationed outside the Sepulcher.","Bring 8 bottles of rot hide ichor to Apothecary Renferrel at the Sepulcher.","Very good.  This ichor will help us understand the nature of the rot hides, and may show us their weakness...$B$B...if they have one.","","","","",""
444,"Rot Hide Origins","I have reduced the ichor you brought me and separated it into its base components.  My findings are not conclusive, but I have determined that warlock and necromantic magics were used in the ichor's creation.$B$BWhile I continue to study the ichor, I want you to take a sample to Bethor Iceshard in the Undercity.  Bethor is not an apothecary, but his knowledge of magic may help to unravel the mystery of the rot hides.$B$BGo.  You will find Bethor in the Magic Quarter of the Undercity.","Bring the Sample Ichor to Bethor Iceshard in the Undercity.","This substance is laced with powerful spells, some of which I have not seen for a long, long time...$B$BOne moment -- I must invoke a spell of divination...","","","","",""
445,"Delivery to Silverpine Forest","Time is a luxury that is not afforded to those of us under the employ of Lady Sylvanas.  Surely you know this by now.$b$bAs a member of the Royal Apothecary Society it is my duty to share my knowledge with my colleagues so that our collective efforts might one day provide The Dark Lady with the New Plague she so badly desires.$b$bTake these findings to Apothecary Renferrel who is stationed at The Sepulcher in Silverpine Forest.  Follow the roads to the south from Brill.  From the Undercity go southwest.","Take Apothecary Johaan's findings to Apothecary Renferrel in Silverpine Forest.","Ah, how good of Apothecary Johaan to send his research.  With so many new developments here in Silverpine, I nearly forgot about the findings coming out of Lordaeron and Tirisfal Glades.  Which reminds me, I need to get those samples off to the Necropolis soon.$b$bBut you must excuse my rambling.  Extend your stay in Silverpine, $N.  We could use an able bodied $c like you around here.","","","","",""
446,"Thule Ravenclaw","This Ichor was crafted by an old colleague of mine: Thule Ravenclaw.  He was a young, promising mage before the great war, but when the Lich King rose to power, he betrayed his brethren and allied with the Scourge.$B$BI did not realize he still lives, nor that he leads the Rot Hides in their forays against us!$B$BI know many of his spells, and can help concoct a potion to counter them.  Take this scroll back to Apothecary Renferrel.  It has the incantations needed for the potion.","Bring Bethor's Scroll to Apothecary Renferrel at the Silverpine Sepulcher.","This scroll is laced with powerful magic.  I've never used such forces in a potion ... it will be a powerful mixture, and should serve you well should you attack Thule in his stronghold on Fenris Isle.","","","","",""
447,"A Recipe For Death","Arthas's numbers are overwhelming. But with a New Plague we could eradicate both the Scourge Army and the Human infestation once and for all.$b$bMy studies have proven that spider blood combined with a toxin derived from a grizzled bear heart results in a deadly elixir. Collect samples from the spiders in the Skittering Dark to the northwest and from the bears wandering throughout Silverpine Forest. Deliver the reagents to Master Apothecary Faranell of the Royal Apothecary Society in the Undercity.","Collect 6 Grizzled Bear Hearts and 6 samples of Skittering Blood and deliver them to Master Apothecary Faranell in the Undercity.","How good of Apothecary Renferrel to send you to me, $N.  These samples will indeed prove useful to the cause.  I will begin studying their toxic and contaminable properties at once.","","","","",""
448,"Report to Hadrec","Before you launch an assault on Fenris Isle, report to High Executor Hadrec.  He may have additional information or equipment you'll need.","Report to High Executor Hadrec at the Sepulcher.","If what Bethor says is true then Thule Ravenclaw is a force that must be dealt with, and dealt with soon.$B$BTo aid in this task, you may take something from our arsenal here...","","","","",""
449,"The Deathstalkers' Report","Although Quinn's wounds are mending, I want to get our report to High Executor Hadrec as quickly as possible.  It has information that is vital to the Forsaken's occupation of Silverpine.","Bring the Deathstalker Report to High Executor Hadrec at the Sepulcher.","I hadn't accounted for the level of Scourge presence we've seen in Silverpine Forest, nor for the troubles our Deathstalkers have had in their scouting efforts.$B$BYour aid to our Deathstalkers was invaluable, $N.  And you will be commended.","","","","",""
450,"A Recipe For Death","You can be of further service to the Royal Apothecary Society, $N.$b$bWhen Arugal cast his wretched magic on the forest, he cursed one of our most promising members, Apothecary Berard.  Now a mindless servant of Arugal, Berard is useless to us.  But his findings might prove to be of worth.  He was studying an ancient plague that killed off all the aquatic life in Lake Lordamere ages ago.$b$bRetrieve Berard's Journal from his study in the Pyrewood Village Inn and take it to Apothecary Renferrel.","Retrieve Apothecary Berard's journal from Pyrewood Village and take it to Apothecary Renferrel at the Sepulcher.","Apothecary Berard's journal! Why you are quite brave, $N. Now let's see what Berard was up to before he went mad. . .","","","","",""
451,"A Recipe For Death","According to Berard's Journal the moss from Lake Skulkers and Creepers might prove useful for our quest to brew a new plague.  Those beasts dwell on the islands in Lake Lordamere to the east.$b$bHe also mentions a very rare Hardened Tumor that he discovered on a Vile Fin murloc.  Apparently the tumor is so rare Berard was only able to obtain one.$b$bCollect samples of the moss as well as the rare hardened tumor and take them to Master Apothecary Faranell in the Undercity.","Bring 6 samples of Lake Creeper Moss, 6 samples of Lake Skulker Moss and a Hardened Tumor to Master Apothecary Faranell in the Undercity.","Such a blow to the Royal Apothecary Society to lose Berard. But through your hard work and Apothecary Renferrel's diligent research Berard's studies will still be useful to The Dark Lady's plight.$b$bWe are on the cusp of something great here, $N. If you were not so skilled in the ways of combat I would try to recruit you for membership in the Society.","","","","",""
452,"Pyrewood Ambush","You got here just in the nick of time, $N!$b$bThe Pyrewood Council will be returning any moment.  Arugal has other matters to tend to in the keep.  He uses the Council as mere puppets to keep the mindless minions of Pyrewood under his control.  But I believe that without the guidance of the Pyrewood Council, the sons of Arugal will turn against their master.$b$bI cannot handle them all by myself.  I need you to help me.  Together we can lay waste to the Council for Lady Sylvanas.","Help Deathstalker Faerleia kill the Pyrewood Council.","You fought like a true disciple of the Dark Lady, $N. With the council dead, perhaps we can gain control of this town once and for all and drive Arugal from Shadowfang Keep. I salute you!","Aid Faerleia in killing the Pyrewood Council","","","",""
453,"Finding the Shadowy Figure","Good luck, $N.  I hope you find the chap, and I hope you find him alive.$B$BIf he's left the safety of Darkshire then he could be prey to the beasts of the wilds.","Find the Shadowy Figure.  Your clues:$B$BHe is not native to Darkshire.$B$BHe is a nervous, jittery person.$B$BHe left Darkshire and headed west.","<Jitters sighs...>$B$BYes, I'm the author of that book. You finally found me, eh?$B$BWell if you read that journal...then you only know the half of it!","","","","",""
454,"After the Ambush","We'd been hauling the barrels of powder back and forth in trips before this... business. Now we have to split up the work, Miran's taking the barrels and I'm watching over the other ones.$b$bI don't feel safe letting Miran haul the rest of the shipment by himself. When he's ready to go, maybe you could escort him on his next trip?","Speak with Miran.","Hello, $C.$b$bYou'll be escorting me to the excavation site? That's good to hear... After Saean and his cronies, who knows what else the Dark Irons might have up their sleeves?$b$bAnyways, let me just make some final checks. Talk to me again when you're ready to go.","","","","",""
455,"The Algaz Gauntlet","Orcs of the Dragonmaw clan have a haven in the Wetlands.  And now they have expanded into Dun Algaz!  We can't let them keep their foothold here or Loch Modan will be cut off from Menethil Harbor, our port and stronghold in the Wetlands.$B$BBreak through Dun Algaz to the Wetlands beyond, and kill some orcs for good measure!  Report to Valstag Ironjaw in Menethil Harbor.$B$BMenethil is through Dun Algaz, then north along the road, then west at the fork.$B$BWe're counting on you, $N.  Do not fail.","Traverse Dun Algaz.$B$BKill 8 Dragonmaw Scouts and 6 Dragonmaw Grunts.$B$BReport to Valstag Ironjaw in Menethil Harbor.","Your report is full of bad news!$b$bI see the Dragonmaws are making a strong move into Algaz. Normally the Dragonmaws just hide up in the hills. What made them surge into Algaz is still a mystery...$b$bThank you, $N. And we'll probably want your help dealing with these orcs.","Traverse Dun Algaz","","","",""
456,"The Balance of Nature","Greetings, $N.  I am Conservator Ilthalaine.  My purpose in Shadowglen is to ensure that the balance of nature is maintained.$b$bThe spring rains were particularly heavy this year, causing some of the forest's beasts to flourish while others suffered.$b$bUnfortunately, the nightsaber and thistle boar populations grew too large.  Shadowglen can only produce so much food for the beasts.  Journey forth, young $c, and thin the boar and saber populations so that nature's harmony will be preserved.","Kill 10 Young Nightsabers and 6 Young Thistle Boars and return to Conservator Ilthalaine.","You performed your duties well, $N.","","","","",""
457,"The Balance of Nature","Thinning the younger population of creatures here in Shadowglen was a good start, $N, but there is still work to be done.$b$bThe resources of the forest will be depleted too quickly if the problem is not addressed.  Killing nature's beasts is a necessary evil for the good of all who share the land.  Venture into the forest and slay mangy nightsabers and thistle boars in the name of balance.","Conservator Ilthalaine needs you to kill 8 Mangy Nightsabers and 8 Thistle Boars.","You have proven your dedication to nature well, $N.  A young $c like yourself has a promising future.","","","","",""
458,"The Woodland Protector","Thank goodness you are here, $c. Strange news has traveled to me through the whisperings of the forest spirits.$b$bThe mysterious woodland protector, Tarindrella, has returned to Shadowglen. The dryad's presence has not been felt in the forests of Kalimdor in years. Something is surely amiss if she has journeyed back to this land.$b$bSeek out Tarindrella and see what business she tends to in our grove. One of the Sentinels reported seeing her to the west of Aldrassil.","Seek out the dryad known as Tarindrella.","I see you found me, young $r.  Melithar is a wise druid to have sent you.","","","","",""
459,"The Woodland Protector","Something evil is brewing in the forests of Teldrassil.  Look yonder to where the peaceful furbolgs used to dwell.  They have deserted their homes and are amassing under the name of the Gnarlpine tribe.$b$bOnly the corruption of wicked Fel Moss could cause such a transformation.  The grells and grelkin have infested the area and are threatening the residents of Shadowglen.  $b$bEngage these grells and grelkin, $N, and see if they are indeed caught under the enchanment of the wicked Fel Moss.","Collect 12 Fel Moss and bring them to Tarindrella.","Your service to the creatures of Shadowglen is worthy of reward, $N.$b$bYou confirmed my fears, however.  If the grells have become tainted by the Fel Moss, one can only imagine what has become of the Gnarlpine tribe of furbolgs who once lived here.$b$bShould you find yourself in Dolanaar, able $C, seek out the knowledgeable druid, Athridas Bearmantle.  He shares our concern for the well being of the forest.","","","","",""
460,"Resting in Pieces","You don't look like a rot hide.  Good.  I had lost hope...$B$BMy name is Alaric, and I was once Thule's head servant and bodyguard.  He used his magic to \"protect\" me from the Plague of Undeath, but instead his spell gave me an unlife from which I cannot escape.  And after creating the cursed rot hide gnolls, Thule beheaded me... and gave my head to the gnolls as a plaything!$B$BPlease, take me to my body.  I believe the gnolls buried it here in Fenris Keep, near the stable, in an unmarked grave.","Bring Alaric's Head to his grave.","Thank you, $N.  I had feared the Gnolls destroyed my body.  It is good to know they did not.","","","","",""
461,"The Hidden Niche","I know of a hidden niche within the keep that holds an item dear to Thule, and his old colleagues.  It also holds something you might find useful.  Take me there!$B$BThe alcove is in the southwestern tower of the keep, behind a dusty shelf.$B$BTake my body, but leave my boots.  They never fit me anyway...","Take Alaric to the hidden alcove.","There we are, it's open.  Leave me here.  I spent the best days of my life in this keep, and the thought of resting within its walls gives me comfort.$B$BBe sure to close the alcove tight - I don't want those Rot Hides to find me.$B$BOh, and take this.  You've earned it.","","","","",""
463,"The Greenwarden","You've heard of the Greenwarden?  You're not looking for him, are you?  Well I say you're crazy if you are, but who am I to keep a fool from $ghis:her; death?$B$BIf you are seeking that beast, then I hear he is in the marsh, east of the road where it forks to Dun Modr.  He's lurking there among the crocs...and worse!$B$BAnd leave your money here.  You won't need it where you're going...and you don't want to chip ol' Greenie's tooth on your gold when he bites you in half, do you?","Find the Greenwarden.","The roots and ferns speak well of you, small one. Although I have many names, I answer to only a few. But you may call me Rethiel.$B$BAnd you must harken...for these lands weep from festered wounds, and I would charge you to heal them.","","","","",""
464,"War Banners","The Dragonmaw orc clan was all but destroyed by the end of the Second War, after they lost control of their red dragon pets.  The dragons were not very happy with their old masters, and fiercely hunted the Dragonmaws.  What few remained fled from Grim Batol and into the Mountains east of Whelgar's Excavation.$B$BNow they've gained strength, and have an encampment northeast of Menethil.$B$BWe want you to attack that encampment.  Gather and bring me their war banners as proof.","Bring 8 Dragonmaw War Banners to Captain Stoutfist.","Well fought, $N. The Dragonmaws are not the same threat they were when they had dragons, but they're still fierce opponents.$b$bThe Dragonmaws are led by Nek'rosh, son of Nekros, who was the former head of the Dragonmaws years ago. Nekros used powerful magic to tame the Red Dragons, but when that magic failed him...the dragons were not happy.$b$bNekros was killed, and his son has vowed revenge against the dragons who slew his father.","","","","",""
465,"Nek'rosh's Gambit","While you were fighting the Dragonmaws, we discovered more of their plans.$B$BNek'rosh has built catapults and aims to lay siege to Menethil!  And with the fighting in Dun Algaz, we're effectively blocked from reinforcements!$B$BYou need to take out those catapults.  They're in the Dragonmaw encampment.$B$BHere, take this tinder.  Fight your way to the catapults and light them with the tinder.$B$BAnd after you've done that, find and kill Nek'rosh.  We need to cut this Dragonmaw beast down...at its neck.","Destroy the Dragonmaw catapults.","You place some of the tinder on the catapult then strike a spark onto it.$B$BFlame erupts and quickly spreads!","","","","",""
466,"Search for Incendicite","I heard that a rare ore, incendicite, was found in the Wetlands, in a cave northwest of Algaz Gate.  Incendicite is volatile stuff and hard to use without blowing yourself up, but I'm sure if it's smelted the right way it could make cannon shells that pack a mighty punch!$B$BGet me incendicite ore and I'll find someone brave enough to experiment with it.$B$BOh, and to extract that ore from a vein you'll need skill in mining.  If you don't have it, then ... bring a friend who does to that cave!","Bring 6 loads of Incendicite Ore to Pilot Stonegear in Dun Morogh.","You got the ore! Well done, $N! I'll get someone to work with this right away. Let's hope he doesn't blow himself up!","","","","",""
467,"Stonegear's Search","Pilot Stonegear loves his siege engine, as every pilot should!  And he's always eager to find new ways to improve his tank's firepower!$B$BHe heard rumors of a rare ore and is looking for someone to hunt it down for him.  If your boots are starting to itch, then find Stonegear at Steelgrill's Depot in Dun Morogh and see what he wants.","Speak with Pilot Stonegear.","Hello $N. You're here about the task I have, eh? It's good to see a young $R like yourself whose blood burns at the prospect of adventure!","","","","",""
468,"Report to Mountaineer Rockgar","Mountaineer Rockgar is looking for volunteers for a mission through Dun Algaz and into the Wetlands.  $B$BIf you want to get your boots wet in that soggy county to the north, then speak with Rockgar at Dun Algaz.  Dun Algaz is north up the road, beyond the guard tower.","Speak with Mountaineer Rockgar.","Hello, $C! You're here for the scouting mission, are you? Very good!$b$bI hope your gear is in good condition, because this \"scouting\" mission has changed into something more messy...","","","","",""
469,"Daily Delivery","Greetings, traveler!$b$bDon't suppose you might be heading in the direction of Menethil, would you? If you're not, I'd suggest you stop there, it's a good place to purchase goods and even have a pint and relax.$b$bNow, if it just so happens that you're heading in that direction, I don't suppose you'd mind taking this bundle of crocolisk skins to James Halloran, the tanner?$b$bI'd do it myself, but my wife's been in quite a mood lately, and I'd like to put off facing her as long as possible.","Deliver the Bundle of Crocolisk Skins to James Halloran, the tanner, in Menethil Harbor.","Hmm, this is from Einar, right? Hasn't delivered his skins to me in person for almost a week now. No doubt it's some differences with the wife!$b$bMaybe I'll have my wife go speak with Sida sometime...","","","","",""
470,"Digging Through the Ooze","On my weekly visit to Ironbeard's Tomb I was attacked by dreadful, dripping oozes! Naturally, I panicked.$b$bI threw my bag at one, but it didn't do anything! The ooze just sucked it right up... Luckily, it did give me enough time to get away.$b$bThe bad news is that I really need to get the contents of my bag!$b$bI don't know which ooze I threw my bag at; they all looked the same! Ironbeard's Tomb is northeast of here, near Dun Modr. Thank you so much!","One of the oozes at Ironbeard's Tomb has Sida's bag, retrieve it and bring it back to her in Menethil Harbor.","Oh, thank you, $N! I was afraid that it was lost for good!$B$B<She quickly empties the contents of the ooze-covered bag onto the ground, before scooping them up.>$B$BHm, I don't have much use for this anymore, but wash it off and I'm sure you could make use of it.","","","","",""
471,"Apprentice's Duties","I sent my apprentice out into the marshes to skin some of our famous giant Wetlands crocolisks. When he didn't return, I went out to look for him... Let's just say it wasn't a pretty sight.$b$bMidwife says he might pull through, but in the meantime I still need my skins!$b$b...If you'd like to kill a few more of the brutes, I wouldn't be opposed, after what they did. You'll find the crocs north up the coast, beyond the murloc hovels.","Collect 6 Giant Crocolisk Skins and bring them to James Halloran in Menethil Harbor.","Hmm... Don't suppose you'd be interested in becoming my apprentice, would you?$b$bHah! No, I'm just kidding. You're much too old, for one thing. Besides - from the looks of you, it would seem that you have other ambitions in life. Nonetheless, these are some fine skins you've procured, and I'll be able to put them to good use.","","","","",""
472,"Fall of Dun Modr","Dun Modr has fallen to the Dark Iron Dwarves!$b$bMy wounds are grave, $c.  Most of the regiment was killed!  The Dark Iron thugs attacked us before we could regroup from the Thandol Span ambush.$b$bOur leader, Longbraid, sounded the retreat horn.  As we left the town I was hit by a stray axe in the back.  All went black.$b$bI awoke here in Menethil but I fear for my fellow soldiers.  Hope still burns within me.  Perhaps Longbraid is still alive!  See if you can find him near Dun Modr, $r!","Search for Longbraid near the town of Dun Modr.","What brave $C sends word from Menethil? Ah $N, they call you.$b$bYou bring hope to a hopeless situation. 'Tis good news indeed that young Harlo survived. While fleeing he received a grievous wound. We had but little time to send him on his way on the back of the only surviving steed with the regiment.$b$bBut now we face a perilous situation. Dun Modr has fallen and we are but a shadow of the great regiment we once were.","","","","",""
473,"Report to Captain Stoutfist","$N.  The Dragonmaw orc clan is showing its strength in more than just Algaz.  Captain Stoutfist has asked to speak with those willing to offer aid against these orcs.  He is inside the keep, in the war room.","Speak with Captain Stoutfist.","$N. Valstag briefed me on your past success with the Dragonmaw Orcs at Dun Algaz. You're a $R of worth.$b$bAnd I have a task for you.","","","","",""
474,"Defeat Nek'rosh","Now that the catapults have been burned, find and kill Chieftain Nek'rosh.","Kill Chieftain Nek'rosh$B$BBring Nek'rosh's Head to Captain Stoutfist.","Stoutly done, $N. You have dealt a telling blow to the Dragonmaw orc clan. They may never recover. And the destruction of those catapults has made Menethil Harbor safe.$B$BYou are a $R of merit, and the kingdom of Ironforge rewards those who serve it well.","","","","",""
475,"A Troubling Breeze","A troubling breeze blows through the forest.$b$bGaerolas Talvethren serves as Great Warden to the hibernating Druids of the Talon in the Ban'ethil Barrow Den.  His duty as the chosen protector of the Sleeping is to ensure their safety so that their pact with Ysera remains fulfilled.$b$bBut word from Gaerolas is now delayed and I grow nervous.  Travel east to Starbreeze Village and bring back a report from Gaerolas so that I can put my worries to rest, knowing my dreaming brethren slumber safely.","Seek out Gaerloas Talvethren in Starbreeze Village.","Thank the forest spirits you are here!  I knew Athridas would sense trouble and send help.","","","","",""
476,"Gnarlpine Corruption","The Gnarlpine tribe has been corrupted!$b$bThe once peaceful furbolgs have turned against the protectors of the forest.  They ambushed me as I left for the Ban'ethil Barrow Den and proceeded to pillage Starbreeze Village.  Ursal the Mauler, their chieftain, is using the evil powers of the Fel Moss to drive them mad.$b$bI am too wounded to return to Athridas to bring him this grave news.  The task is left to you, young $c.  We can only hope that the deranged Gnarlpines have not made it to Ban'ethil yet!","Return to Athridas Bearmantle in Dolanaar.","By the stars!  This is quite disturbing indeed!","","","","",""
477,"Border Crossings","As you may know, the town of Ambermill remains a source of human opposition, mainly through the support they receive from the wizards of Dalaran.$b$bI don't know what their plan is, but for them to show interest in a backwater village like Ambermill indicates that it must have some greater importance.$b$bThey've been shipping crates by the wagon from Hillsbrad. Many of those supplies end up at a small camp north of Pyrewood Village. Retrieve the contents of a crate and return them to me.","Retrieve the contents of one of the Dalaran wizards' crates. You will find Pyrewood Village to the south.","<Prying open the lid of the crate, you find an assortment of carefully-packed objects. On the top of the crate lies a bundle of maps, yellowing with age, that appear to depict Silverpine Forest and other parts of western Lordaeron.$b$bUnderneath the maps is a mysterious-looking magical pendant.>","","","","",""
478,"Maps and Runes","<You quickly remove the pendant from the crate and replace the lid.>","Bring the strange pendant to Shadow Priest Allister at the Sepulcher.","Maps and this... pendant, hm? Interesting.$b$bIt is obvious that the Dalaran wizards are interested in Ambermill for some purpose, but still, their aim is hidden to me.$b$bPerhaps Dalar will know something of their use.","","","","",""
479,"Ambermill Investigations","Dalar is attempting to locate the source of the wizards' spellcasting. For now, we'll have to slow their progress in any way we can...$b$bThe conjurers, mages and protectors are no doubt carrying the pendants. Remove and retrieve them.$b$bTake the main road south and the eastern fork into Ambermill.","Obtain 8 Dalaran Pendants for Shadow Priest Allister at the Sepulcher.","Dalar has found that the weaving is quite far along, despite the setback.$b$bA wizard of great power is guiding the magic energy. He must be stopped quickly.","","","","",""
480,"The Weaver","An archmage of great power is overseeing the reactivation of the ley energy node. With the progress they have made, our only hope of stopping them is by killing him. It will be difficult, he is no doubt protected by many other mages and warders.$b$bYou must go, and you must dispatch him quickly. When he is dead, retrieve his staff for me. Go now.","Kill the Dalaran archmage, then retrieve his staff for Shadow Priest Allister at the Sepulcher.","The magic of the wizards dissipates, and the ley energies fade into dormancy. Your efforts have been fruitful, $N, and we have dealt a major blow to our enemies, and to the overbearing wizards of Dalaran.$b$bWe must be vigilant, however, knowing that source of energy lies so close at hand... Plans must be made for the future.","","","","",""
481,"Dalar's Analysis","Take the pendant to Dalar Dawnweaver, perhaps he can shed some light on the wizards' plans.","Take the rune-inscribed pendant to Dalar Dawnweaver at the Sepulcher.","Interesting, more machinations of the Kirin Tor, it would seem. This is a powerful artifact. It was used frequently by powerful wizards of the Kirin Tor to channel magical energies.$b$bThat they are delivering so many to Ambermill indicates that they must be undergoing a project of some magnitude.$b$bI will see if I can pierce their shields and ascertain their intent.","","","","",""
482,"Dalaran's Intentions","Of course! How could I have forgotten?$b$bAmbermill was one of the sites earmarked by the Kirin Tor, noted because it houses a dormant ley energy node. The wizards must be planning to reactivate the node and use its energies for some greater purpose.$b$bWe cannot allow this to happen...$b$bIt will take a great amount of power to activate the area's ley energies, we can stall them by taking the pendants away from the wizards.$b$bRelay this information to Allister, he will decide a course of action.","Speak with Shadow Priest Allister at the Sepulcher.","Ill news you bring, $N. If Dalar is correct--and I've no reason to believe he isn't--we must move quickly.$b$bI must confer with him on our plan of attack. But in the meanwhile we will have to delay their progress.","","","","",""
483,"The Relics of Wakening","Gnarlpine invaders were seen ravaging the Ban'ethil Barrow Den to the west.$b$bThe slumbering druids will be trapped in the Emerald Dream for eternity, unaware of their fate, unless we help. The delicate hibernation ritual cannot be broken without the Relics of Wakening.$b$bJourney to the Den and retrieve the Raven Claw Talisman, Black Feather Quill, Sapphire of Sky, and Rune of Nesting. The druids store them in sacred chests.  Return them to me and I will prepare the awakening ritual.","Retrieve the Relics of Wakening and bring them to Athridas Bearmantle in Dolanaar.","You have succeeded, young $c!  Well done.  And just in time I might add.","","","","",""
484,"Young Crocolisk Skins","I'm James Halloran, the tanner. My cured crocolisk skins are sought after all over, shipments leaving by boat to ports around the world.$b$bMet Einar? He's one of the hunters that brings crocolisk skins in for me.$b$bI'm a bit short on the softer skins that come off crocolisk young.$b$bBeing that I'm running low, I'll pay you top coin for a stack of the skins. You can find the young crocs in the marshes right outside of town.","Obtain 4 Young Crocolisk Skins for James Halloran in Menethil Harbor.","Nice work you've done here, $N. The quality of these skins is superb. I'll have to get them into the curing process as soon as possible. Oh, but before I get to that, there's some other work I need done that I think you might be able to take care of.","","","","",""
485,"Find OOX-09/HL!","You have uncovered some sort of strange, egg-shaped device made from metal.  Fiddling with one of its knobs springs the egg to life, as it opens up into some sort of gnomish robotic contraption!  A voice from inside the robotic egg crackles to life.$B$B\"My name's Oglethorpe Obnoticus, and my homing robot has crashed!  I will reward you for its recovery; please take this beacon to the robot!\"$B$B\"I now have computed the coordinates of the robot for you; it crashed at the head of the river near Skulk Rock!\"","Take the distress beacon to Oglethorpe's homing robot at the head of the river in the Hinterlands, near Skulk Rock.","You place the egg... distress beacon... inside the chicken... homing robot.$B$BHums and whirs are heard from inside the robot as it struggles to stand up.  After the robot comes to life, Oglethorpe's voice is heard once more, but now from inside the robot:$B$B\"OOX-09/HL is working at least, but it needs major repairs!  It is much too heavy for you to carry it... but I think I have an idea.  Are you up for watching over it some more?\"","","","","",""
486,"Ursal the Mauler","Now the time has come to save the Druids of the Talon. If we fail now, $N, they will be forever lost in sleep.$b$bI shall prepare the Relics of Wakening and perform the ritual. For my work to take effect, the cursed beast responsible for this horrible situation must be slain.  Only then will the ritual be complete.$b$bIt was Ursal the Mauler who meddled with our brethren's calling and it is Ursal the Mauler who must now pay so they can be freed.  Travel to Gnarlpine Hold in the southwest and slay him.","Kill Ursal the Mauler and return to Athridas Bearmantle in Dolanaar.","$N you have proven yourself a most worthy and able $c.  A $r who follows the path of honor as sure as you do is certain to find great glory in this world.$b$bMay the forest spirits protect you wherever your travels may take you.","","","","",""
487,"The Road to Darnassus","The road to Darnassus must be kept safe.  Travelers heading from Dolanaar to Darnassus have been reporting ruthless attacks by corrupted furbolgs from the Gnarlpine tribe.$b$bImportant news and commerce travels to and from Darnassus by way of this road daily.  We cannot afford to have a rogue band of heathens terrorizing people.$b$bTake up arms in the name of the sacred forest, $c.  Their den lies somewhere below this vantage point.  Slay 6 of these Gnarlpine ambushers and report back to me.","Slay 6 Gnarlpine Ambushers and return to Sentinel Amara Nightwalker outside of Dolanaar.","You have served the good people of Dolanaar and Darnassus well, brave $c.  As a member of the Sentinel force of Teldrassil I salute your efforts.","","","","",""
488,"Zenn's Bidding","Eager for work, I see.  Lucky for you a day never goes by that I don't wish I had a fledgling $c to perform my bidding.$b$bYou see, $N, I can make you very happy and provide you with things you never dreamed of having.  But in order for that to happen you must bring me certain items.$b$bMy business in the forest often requires certain. . .reagents.  Fetch for me 3 Nightsaber Fangs, 3 Strigid Owl Feathers and 3 swatches of Webwood Spider Silk.$b$bLet's keep this our little secret, $r.","Bring Zenn Foulhoof outside of Dolanaar 3 Nightsaber Fangs, 3 Strigid Owl Feathers and 3 swatches of Webwood Spider Silk.","Ha ha!  Well, done indeed.$b$bWho would have ever guessed that I, Zenn Foulhoof, would have a $r to do my bidding?  Certainly not me!  But so it goes... this beloved world of ours is full of surprises.$b$bThree cheers for the naive and gullible!","","","","",""
489,"Seek Redemption!","The Council of the Forest has news that you aided Zenn Foulhoof.  The foul satyr is an enemy of the forest.  As a $r, you should know better than to defile the forest by killing Nature's precious creatures.$b$bYou must redeem yourself in the eyes of the Council if you wish to remain a friend of Teldrassil.$b$bTeach Foulhoof a lesson and you shall be redeemed.  Fel Cones are corrupted seeds that fall from the trees.  Give 3 Fel Cones to Foulhoof who will think you have brought him a harmless snack.","Collect 3 Fel Cones and give them to Zenn Foulhoof outside of Dolanaar.","Ah, what a sweet $r!  I knew you would come in handy!","","","","",""
491,"Wand to Bethor","Thule once told me that, long ago, he and two colleagues created a magic wand, woven together from the apprentice wands each mage possessed.  This wand was a symbol of their friendship, and although Thule came to despise it he could not part with it, nor could he let the others have it.  So he stole the wand, and hid it in Fenris Keep.$B$BHere.  Take the wand to Bethor Iceshard, one of Thule's friends from years past.  I'm sure he will want it.","Take the Woven Wand to Bethor Iceshard in the Magic Quarter of the Undercity.","...what is this?  Thule had our Woven Wand?  I thought it was lost when our friendship sundered and he sided with the Lich King!$B$BHe must not have invoked its power, for if he had I would have sensed it.  And it is good that he did not use it...$B$BThis is a marvelous find.  You have my gratitude, $N, and will be rewarded.","","","","",""
492,"A New Plague","According to the Deathguard, another one of those foolish Dwarven Mountaineers has just been captured.  The Deathguard likes to use the cellar of the Gallows End Tavern as a holding cell until prisoners can be \"properly\" dealt with.$b$bWhy don't you go see how the Captured Mountaineer enjoys this special drink I made for him?  It contains a subtle hint of what The Dark Lady has planned for the rest of Azeroth.","Bring Johaan's Special Drink to the Captured Mountaineer.","Ah, a drink at last.  I'm sure it's no Rhapsody Malt but I'll take anything to whet the old whistle at this point.","","","","",""
493,"Journey to Hillsbrad Foothills","The Royal Apothecary Society is under extreme pressure from the Dark Lady to develop a New Plague.  We are working diligently and have made much progress.  It is our belief that the success will be achieved much faster if we share information amongst the Society.$b$bFor that reason I want you to deliver my latest findings to Apothecary Lydon in Tarren Mill, a small town nestled in the Hillsbrad Foothills.  The journey will be a long one.$b$bHead south and stick to the roads.  Follow the signs closely!","Deliver Apothecary Renferrel's findings to Apothecary Lydon in the town of Tarren Mill in the Hillsbrad Foothills.","Ah, most excellent.  Apothecary Renferrel has my utmost respect.  I am anxious to study his work.","","","","",""
494,"Time To Strike","Be silent and pay attention, $c.$b$bI was sent to this position in order to survey the town of Hillsbrad.  My mission is one of reconnaissance.  It is imperative that you send word to High Executor Darthalia in Tarren Mill at once.  Let her know that I, Deathstalker Lesh, send the following message:$b$b\"The raven's cry from the west doth beckon.\"$b$bFollow the road to the east and pay close attention to the signs.  Now, hurry!  Off you go to Tarren Mill, and with urgency I might add!","Travel to Tarren Mill to deliver Deathstalker Lesh's message to High Executor Darthalia.","The raven's cry from the west doth beckon?$b$bSuperb news!  Hillsbrad is ripe for attack.  We can carry out our plan of destruction now.  Varimathras will be pleased.","","","","",""
495,"The Crown of Will","Mug'Thol and his ogre warband was sent to Alterac to retrieve the Crown of Will for Lady Sylvanas. Unfortunately, instead of returning it, the idiot decided to try it on... I suppose ogres can't resist anything bright and shiny.$b$bHis bumbling actions have become something of a problem, however. The Crown of Will enabled him to resist the possession placed upon him to serve Lady Sylvanas.$b$bThe Dark Lady wants an example made, travel to Tarren Mill in Hillsbrad and report to Melisara, my lieutenant.","Report to Melisara at Tarren Mill in the Hillsbrad Foothills.","You were sent by Shalindra? Very well then, you'll find I don't waste much time with idle chatter.$b$bMug'Thol is an irritant, and we will deal with him quickly, thoroughly, and without incident.","","","","",""
496,"Elixir of Suffering","Ah, another wretched day in Tarren Mill.  All of this clean air puts me in such a foul mood, $N.$b$bThe sooner we can plague the humans here, the better.  I've been conducting intense studies on possible killing agents to use in my concoctions but I haven't the time to collect them all.$b$bIf you want to make yourself of use, procure the following items for me:  10 Gray Bear Tongues and the very rare and hard to find, Creeper Ichor.  You'll find both bears and creepers just outside of Tarren Mill.","Apothecary Lydon of Tarren Mill wants 10 Gray Bear Tongues and some Creeper Ichor.","These specimens are perfect. Well, $N, you have managed to bring me the slightest hint of joy on yet another miserable day. Your efforts are appreciated.","","","","",""
498,"The Rescue","Me and some other warriors were sent by the Warchief to retrieve an object from Durnholde and to investigate this so-called Syndicate.$b$bWe went to Durnholde to take a look around, but we were taken by surprise by a large number of the humans. We fought bravely, but their sheer numbers were enough to defeat us. They took a few of us captive, but I was able to escape.$b$bDurnholde is just southeast of here, across the river. Drull and Tog'thar are being held there, you must go and rescue them.","Krusk in Tarren Mill needs you to free Drull and Tog'thar from Durnholde Keep.","So the humans thought to turn our warriors into slaves, did they? We'll show them!$b$bIt would seem that they have taken Gol'dir, our leader, to another location. We must find him and rescue him. But we currently have no clue where he is...$b$bWhen we have a lead, I will be sure to tell you, $N.","","Rescue Drull","Rescue Tog'thar","",""
499,"Elixir of Suffering","It will take but a moment for me to mix these components into what I have deemed an Elixir of Suffering.$b$bThere we go!  Ah, nothing brightens a gloomy day in these miserable foothills like bringing a little suffering into the world.$b$bLet us see if our little potion has achieved its desired effect.$b$bGive my assistant Umpi a taste of what the Dark Lady has planned for both humans and Scourge alike.","Give Umpi the Elixir of Suffering.","Croak!","","","","",""
500,"Crushridge Bounty","Crushridge ogres have dug an ogre mound up in the Alterac Mountains near the ruined city of Alterac.  And my scouts tell me they've taken over those ruins as well.$B$BWe can't let them get cozy up there; if they think they're safe where they are, then their next step will be to move down into the foothills, which will put them right at our front door!$B$BGo north to the Alterac Mountains and hunt ogres.  Bring me the Dirty Knucklebones they carry and you will earn a nice bounty.","Gather 9 Dirty Knucklebones from Crushridge ogres in the Alterac Mountains.  Bring them to Marshal Redpath in Southshore.","Very good, $N You must have hacked through a whole mess of ogres to get all these knucklebones.$B$BThat should keep them out of our hair. At least, for a while.","","","","",""
501,"Elixir of Pain","Oh, $N. . .the flowers are blooming in Hillsbrad and the air is so fresh and brisk.  I can't help but to wallow in the misery of it all.  I look out my grimy window and long for the day when our New Plague brings this world the death it deserves.$b$bAs much as I would love to sit and brood all day, my duty to the Dark Lady calls.  Help me, would you?  My research leads me to believe I can make the most splendid death-brew with the blood of a Mountain Lion.  Bring some to me and we'll have a little fun.","Bring 10 vials of Mountain Lion Blood to Apothecary Lydon in Tarren Mill.","Superb collecting, $N.","","","","",""
502,"Elixir of Pain","Ah, nothing like the smell of fresh blood in the foothills!$b$bNow we'll mix in a touch of this and a little of that and let the real fun begin!  What I have created with this blood, I like to call an Elixir of Pain.  If my calculations are correct this concoction could be the start of something very beautiful for Lady Sylvanas.  But what we need is a test.$b$bTake this elixir out to the northern farm in Hillsbrad Fields to the southwest.  Let's see how Farmer Ray's little dog Stanley likes this \"treat.\"","Feed the Elixir of Pain to Stanley.","You pour some of the elixir into your hand and hold it before Stanley's mouth.","","","","",""
503,"Gol'dir","From what I can tell of the documents you procured, Gol'dir is being held in a large Syndicate base to the north, most likely in the Alterac Mountains. He has been held captive far too long and must be freed.","Free Gol'dir then return to Krusk in Tarren Mill.","Thank you, $N. I led the expedition from Durotar under the Warchief's orders, but as you can see, our plans went somewhat awry. They have held me captive here in this town, forcing me to work, hauling burdens, digging...$b$bWhat I have suffered is unimportant, however. There is important information you must deliver to whomever is leading our group now.","Find where Gol'dir is being held","","","",""
504,"Crushridge Warmongers","Now that you've had a taste of the Crushridge ogres, I want you to really bloody their noses...$B$BGo into the Ruins of Alterac and seek out the Crushridge Warmongers.  I want you to cut down a good number of them - that's the only way those brutes will learn to keep their distance from Alliance territory.","Slay 15 Crushridge Warmongers, then return to Marshal Redpath in Southshore.","Very good. Here is your reward.$B$BAnd when you were hunting those Warmongers, how did Alterac city look? It's in bad shape I would guess. Ogres are not known for their cleanliness.$B$BThankfully, your efforts will help keep them away from Southshore.","","","","",""
505,"Syndicate Assassins","I am the new magistrate of Southshore, recently assigned after the assassination of the previous magistrate.  The assassins were never found, but through our investigations we're almost certain they were hired by the Syndicate - a group of thieves led by villainous nobles of the now fallen kingdom of Alterac.$B$BThe Syndicate has a camp north of the Horde-occupied Tarren Mill, and our last clues led to that camp.  Slay the Syndicate members you find there.","Kill 12 Syndicate Footpads and 8 Syndicate Thieves, then return to Magistrate Henry Maleb in Southshore.","Thank you, $N. Although they may still be lurking about, we hope that some of the thieves and footpads you slew were responsible for the last magistrate's death. But even if they weren't, the Syndicate is a taint on this land and a stain on the human race.$B$BTheir deaths are welcome to Southshore.","","","","",""
506,"Blackmoore's Legacy","A day or two ago, I was visited by the leader of this Syndicate. His name was Aliden Perenolde, and styled himself lord of this land. He confided in me his plans to take the orcs that stood against him as slaves, just as his father and his mentor, the despised Blackmoore, had planned.$b$bMore important was that he brought his mistress, a wisp of a girl named Elysa. Around her neck was the pendant the Warchief desires.$b$bNow go, I will make my own way, after I have settled my business here.","Return the information gathered by Gol'dir to Krusk in Tarren Mill.","The nerve of those overbearing humans! We'll show them that the orcs shall never submit to their will!$b$bThis will now be our mission, in addition to recovering the trinket the Warchief desires. It would seem that by accomplishing one, we will also accomplish the other.","","","","",""
507,"Lord Aliden Perenolde","It is clear that Perenolde must be killed, his foulness removed from the world. His manor lies a ways to the north of here, on the shores of Lordamere Lake. Do your duty, $n, then retrieve the pendant that the Warchief desires, and return here.","Kill Lord Aliden Perenolde and ask his mistress, Elysa, about Taretha's pendant.","No, no please don't hurt me! I never meant your people any harm, he's had me against my will! Please... spare me!","","","","",""
508,"Taretha's Gift","The pendant? Of course you can have it... Take it! I want no memory of him... just please, please leave in peace...","Return Taretha's pendant to Krusk in Tarren Mill.","It is strange that the Warchief would expend so much over such a small thing. I do not claim to understand him, but I will follow him, whatever his commands. You did well, $N, no doubt the Warchief will be glad to hear of your success.","","","","",""
509,"Elixir of Agony","Another day, another elixir to be made. If it were up to me, I'd just let the pathetic humans and Scourge fight it out.  They seem bent on killing each other as is.$b$bAlas, our Dark Lady wants to help speed up the process a tad so why not pass these morbid days by spreading a little death and disease across the land?$b$bHere's the plan, $N: you go out to Nethander Stead, south of Tarren Mill and east of the river and Southshore. Collect for me 6 Mudsnout Blossoms from the field for my next elixir.","Bring 6 Mudsnout Blossoms to Apothecary Lydon in Tarren Mill.","Ah, the horrible reek of Mudsnout Blossoms.  At least those filthy Gnolls are good for something.","","","","",""
510,"Foreboding Plans","Among these documents is a list of requested supplies.  These include mundane items (food, weapons, clothing) as well as more exotic gear (masks, oil, poison).$B$BBut what is most notable is the urgency of the request - these supplies were needed soon in order to undertake what is described in the document as an \"important mission against Southshore.\"","Bring the Foreboding Plans to Magistrate Maleb in Southshore.","<Maleb reads the documents.>$B$BThese are very troubling, $N. From the information in these documents, and from the Syndicate's actions in the past, we must assume that band of cutthroats has waged war on Southshore.","","","","",""
511,"Encrypted Letter","One of the letters on this table is encrypted and inscrutable.","Bring the Encrypted Letter to Loremaster Dibbs in Southshore.","What is this? Hold a moment... let me take a closer look.$B$B...$B$BHm, I have never before seen this form of encryption, but I must admit that my knowledge in that area is by no means complete.","","","","",""
512,"Noble Deaths","I fear the leadership behind the Syndicate is bent on Southshore's ruin.  We must strike hard at these leaders before their plans are realized.$B$BEnter the ruins of Strahnbrad, in the Alterac Mountains to the north.  We think the Syndicate is using the area as a headquarters.$B$BWe know this gang of cutthroats is run by former Alterac nobles.  They may be hiding as normal Syndicate agents, but you'll know you've killed a noble by the signet ring he wears.$B$BBring me those signet rings.","Bring 7 Alterac Signet Rings to Magistrate Maleb in Southshore.","Stripping the Syndicate of its nobility will remove its ability to act decisively, and reduce it to nothing more than a gang of thugs.$B$BYou serve your Alliance well, $N.","","","","",""
513,"Elixir of Agony","Just when I thought another day was going to pass devoid of any joy, you brought me those marvelous Mudsnout Blossoms.$b$bFirst I will mix them down into a fine composite.  We'll then need Master Apothecary Faranell in the Undercity to apply his colloid of decay to it and then we'll be ready for some good fun indeed!$b$bHere, take this Mudsnout Composite and run it off to Master Faranell at once, $N.","Take the Mudsnout Composite to Master Apothecary Faranell in the Undercity.","Apothecary Lydon sent you?  Ah, why didn't you say so!$b$bDespite his gloomy disposition, Apothecary Lydon is one of our most dedicated and skilled members.$b$bThe good chap sends Mudsnout Composite!  I know what our friend in Hillsbrad is up to now.  And I like the way he thinks.  The Dark Lady would be most impressed with the progress he is making toward the new plague.","","","","",""
514,"Letter to Stormpike","I have a colleague in Ironforge who may be able to help decrypt this letter.  Go to the Library in the Hall of Explorers in Ironforge and speak with Prospector Stormpike.  Tell him I sent you and show him the letter.  If there's anyone north of Blackrock Spire who can read this, it is he.","Take the Cleverly Encrypted Letter to Prospector Stormpike in Ironforge.","Ah, encryption! A specialty of mine. Let me see here...","","","","",""
515,"Elixir of Agony","A mudsnout composite?  Absolutely brilliant!  Why didn't I think of that?$b$bLet me contribute my colloid of decay to this devilish brew.$b$bIn order to activate the contaminating agents in this mudsnout mixture, Lydon is going to need a strong troll's blood potion, as well as some daggerspine scales and torn fin eyes from the southern coast of Hillsbrad.  He'll know what to do once you've gathered him all the reagents.  And my, how anxious I am to hear how his experiment goes!","Bring the Mudsnout Mixture, a Strong Troll's Blood Potion, 5 Daggerspine Scales and 5 Torn Fin Eyes to Apothecary Lydon in Tarren Mill.","The excitement of this experiment has me feeling giddy! You have been such a great help, $N. Together we will spread death and disease to this land!","","","","",""
516,"Beren's Peril","I have received reports that a group of undead are holing up to prepare for an attack against us. Armed with this information, we can turn the tables and attack them first, nipping their little plan in the bud.$b$bUnfortunately, my information is spotty, at best. They are reported to be hiding in a location known as Beren's Peril. The exact location is unknown, but it appears to be a cave in the hills, near a pocket of Dalaran wizards.$b$bI trust your resourcefulness. Find them, and put them down.","Locate Beren's Peril, then kill 6 Ravenclaw Drudgers and 6 Ravenclaw Guardians, then return to Shadow Priest Allister at the Sepulcher.","If our scouts and agents continue to procure valuable information such as this, we shall have the Lich King's Scourge removed from our lands in no time.","","","","",""
517,"Elixir of Agony","This new elixir is finally ready to be tested.  But why let a perfectly good, highly contagious plague go to waste on a mere frog or dog?  Let's have us some true fun in the name of Lady Sylvanas.$b$bHead down to Dun Garok.  You know the barracks where those filthy little dwarves skitter about.  Steal me a keg of their Shindigger Stout.  Once I have that keg, you and I will have quite the party, $N.","Bring a keg of Shindigger Stout to Apothecary Lydon in Tarren Mill.","Finally! Now we are ready for action!","","","","",""
518,"The Crown of Will","Mug'Thol and his Crushridge ogres have overrun the ruins of Alterac. It will be hard to inflict any serious punishment upon him without thinning out the ogres' numbers.$b$bAfter softening them up, we'll proceed.$b$bUnderstood? Good. Now go.","Kill 14 Crushridge Maulers for Melisara in Tarren Mill.","The snow blooms red with the blood of the ogres, but we cannot cease our efforts until the spirit and numbers of the Crushridge have been crushed and ground into the dirt and snow.","","","","",""
519,"The Crown of Will","Targ, Muckrake, and Glommus are Mug'Thol's lieutenants. They are loyal to him, though who can say what drives an ogre to loyalty.$b$bBring me their heads, $n, and then all that will remain is to remove Mug'Thol's head, crown and all.","Kill Targ, Muckrake, and Glommus and bring their heads to Melisara in Tarren Mill.","...and I thought ogres smelled foul enough to begin with.$b$bWhen you bring me Mug'Thol's head, I will have the four of them mounted on pikes above Alterac. A fitting monument to those who go against the Dark Lady's wishes.","","","","",""
520,"The Crown of Will","With Mug'Thol's lieutenants dead, all that remains is to kill Mug'Thol and retrieve the Crown of Will. I have no doubt he'll be reluctant to part with it. Most likely expecting you, too, given the... departure... of his fellows.$b$bFind Mug'Thol, and deliver his head and the Crown to me. The Crushridge resistance will be at an end.","Kill Mug'Thol, and return his head with the Crown of Will to Melisara in Tarren Mill.","You have done your duty well, $N. Mug'Thol's head shall adorn the highest peak of the ruins of Alterac, and the Deathguard will sweep the remnants of the Crushridge into the ground.","","","","",""
521,"The Crown of Will","All that remains is to deliver the Crown of Will to Sharlindra in the Undercity. She will see that it is delivered to Lady Sylvanas. I would warn you against thinking to use it for your own purposes, $n, Mug'Thol's fate should be illustration enough.","Deliver the Crown of Will to Sharlindra in the Undercity.","So this is the relic the ogre used to duck the will of the Dark Lady...$b$bStrange that something so simple could wield so great a power. And to fall into as clumsy hands as those. Well done, $N, I will deliver the crown to Lady Sylvanas, and see that she hears of your accomplishment.","","","","",""
522,"Assassin's Contract","This is a contract for the assassination of Magistrate Henry Maleb.  It was sealed and stamped in red wax, using a distinctive signet ring.","Bring the Assassin's Contract to Magistrate Maleb in Southshore.","<Maleb inspects the contract.>$B$BThat explains the latest attack on Southshore. The Syndicate must be after me, just as they were the last magistrate!","","","","",""
523,"Baron's Demise","The contract you recovered was signed by Baron Vardus, a noble of the former kingdom of Alterac, and one known for a cold heart and brutal practices.  I'm not surprised someone like the Baron was behind this.$B$BFind this man.  Find him, and bring him to justice.  He must be among the Syndicate haunts - perhaps at the ruins of Strahnbrad, or perhaps within the valley north of them.","Bring the Head of Baron Vardus to Magistrate Maleb in Southshore.","Thank you, $N. My head rests a little easier, knowing that villain lost his.","","","","",""
524,"Elixir of Agony","Next door the Deathguards are holding a few captured farmers hostage.  High Executor Darthalia suspected one of the military strategists from Stormwind to be hiding out amongst them.  Apparently the military chap was found dead in the Plaguelands last night.  Darthalia, always looking out for me, decided the prisoners would be left to my disposal.$b$bI think it's time we threw those farmers a party.  Sounds like a grand ol' time!$b$bPlace this tainted keg on the rug in their room.  Plagued brew for all!","Place the Tainted Keg on the rug for the captured farmers.","You rest the tainted deg on the dusty rug.","","","","",""
525,"Further Mysteries","I decrypted the letter, but I don't know what to make of it.  You found this among thieves in the Alterac foothills?  Very strange...$B$BYou should take this to the magistrate of Southshore.  Although this letter is cryptic, his is the closest town to Alterac; if a threat is brewing, then he should know.","Bring the Decrypted Letter to Magistrate Maleb in Southshore.","<Maleb reads the letter.>$B$BThis is translated from a letter you found in a Syndicate encampment? This was not written by a thief, or even a noble of Alterac.$B$BIt appears The Syndicate has ties to another power, and I shudder to think what that might be.","","","","",""
526,"Lightforge Ingots","You might have found one lightforge ingot in that chest, but that's not enough to craft anything decent!$B$BYou should go back there and look for more.  Maybe the murlocs around that wrecked ship have lightforge ingots on them.","Gather 5 lightforge ingots, then return to Glorin Steelbrow in the Wetlands.","Ah, you found them! Now let's get this lightforge iron hammered into something useful, eh?","","","","",""
527,"Battle of Hillsbrad","Stand at attention while addressing me, $c.$b$bI am under direct command of Varimathras.  We are to quell the human infestation until our apothecaries can develop the new plague.$b$bOur information leads us to believe that the town of Hillsbrad is vulnerable to attack.  Your first assignment is aimed at disrupting their food supply and infrastructure.$b$bTravel west.  Raid the northernmost farms of Hillsbrad Fields.  Make sure that the landowners, Farmer Ray and Farmer Getz, are executed as well.","Kill 6 Hillsbrad Farmhands, 6 Hillsbrad Farmers, Farmer Ray and Farmer Getz and report back to Darthalia in Tarren Mill.","At ease, $c.  I see you have returned from battle.  My sources tell me you performed well on the Hillsbrad front.","","","","",""
528,"Battle of Hillsbrad","Word of the attack on the northern farms has the townsfolk panicked.  Most excellent.$b$bOur Deathstalkers report peasants fleeing to the fields in southern Hillsbrad.  The fools think they can hide in the orchards and escape their doom.$b$bProve them wrong, $N.  Return to Hillsbrad Fields and seek out the cowering peasants.  Lay waste to them in the name of our Dark Lady.$b$bDismissed!","Kill 15 Hillsbrad Peasants and report back to Darthalia in Tarren Mill.","The grip of death is tightening around the town of Hillsbrad. The battle goes well.","","","","",""
529,"Battle of Hillsbrad","The humans of Hillsbrad have been putting up unexpected resistance.  The problem appears to be that the townsfolk are being armed by the local blacksmith.  We need to shut down all supply lines.$b$bYour mission will be to execute Blacksmith Verringtan.  Slay his apprentices as well.  While there, bring back a shipment of iron from their stockpile.  The supplies will come in handy when we are done with the conquering of Hillsbrad and begin razing Southshore.","Kill Blacksmith Verringtan and 4 Hillsbrad Apprentice Blacksmiths.$b$bRetrieve a shipment of iron and report back to Darthalia in Tarren Mill.","Mission accomplished, $C. And carried out quite skillfully, I might add.","","","","",""
530,"A Husband's Revenge","Valdred, once my good friend, was my wife's murderer.  Although I am incapable of grieving, I do yearn for revenge.  If you kill Valdred and bring me his cursed hands, then I will reward you.$B$BI last heard he was at the Greymane Wall in southern Silverpine, trying to flee into the kingdom of Gilneas.","Kill Valdred Moray.$B$BBring his hands to Raleigh Andrean in the Undercity.","Ah, good. These hands killed my wife, Deliah. Revenge for her murder was my only care, and you were the instrument of that revenge.$b$bHere, take the ring you returned earlier. Deliah has been dead to me for so long, her ring is a bauble I no longer care to keep. Instead, I will keep these hands as a remembrance of my friend's betrayal.","","","","",""
531,"Vyrin's Revenge","Light! Don't bring things like that into the Lodge... it's unsanitary, unspeakable, un... un... unsanitary!$b$bJust get it out of here, will you? No one wants to see your bloody little trophy, really!","Bring Ol' Sooty's head to Vyrin Swiftwind at the Farstrider Lodge.","Thanks for helping me out with my little plan, $N. I've been itching for months to get back at that snooty, stuck-up boy, and I'd say we did a pretty good job! Here, have this, you've earned it.","","","","",""
532,"Battle of Hillsbrad","The town of Hillsbrad is in disarray and we believe it will soon fall.  We must, however, persist in our ruthlessness until the human scum are wiped from the foothills for eternity.$b$bDespite their overwhelming losses, the humans rally around their leadership and keep fighting.  We must eliminate their leader, Magistrate Burnside, as well as the town council.  Destroy their revered political document as well, the Hillsbrad Proclamation.  And while you're at it, steal the town registry.","Kill Magistrate Burnside and 5 Hillsbrad Councilmen.  Destroy the Hillsbrad Proclamation.  Steal the Hillsbrad Town Registry.  Report back to Darthalia in Tarren Mill afterwards.","News of your glories in Hillsbrad traveled fast. You have done well, $C.","","","","Hillsbrad Proclamation destroyed",""
533,"Infiltration","At last we begin to hear word and rumor, find evidence of Gol'dir's whereabouts. The humans have been moving him around, but we are narrowing down our search and focusing on the large Syndicate camp just north of here.$b$bGo there, $n, and bring back whatever information you can get your hands on.","Retrieve information about Gol'dir's whereabouts for Krusk in Tarren Mill.","Finally, we know where Gol'dir is being held. The camp in question is not too far from here, and hopefully they will not be as well prepared as they were when they captured us the first time.","","","","",""
535,"Valik","Urrgh... Injured and dying and confronted with the enemy.$b$bNo doubt you'll kill me anyway, but if you bring me some Southshore stout--your kind does drink, don't they?--I'll tell you what you want to know.","Bring a mug of Southshore Stout to Valik in the Syndicate camp.","Given my impending death, I think I can safely say that this is the sweetest tasting thing ever... Here, take this, won't do me any good when I'm dead.$B$BWell, get on with it!","","","","",""
536,"Down the Coast","Transferred from the Stormwind city guard to Southshore, a town that should be abandoned by the looks of it... Smell of the harbor day and night.$b$bNot to mention ol' Redpath... Wants me to take care of the murlocs. Ha! $b$bI can barely rouse myself to go out to some of the pockets of the overgrown fish down the Western Strand. If you would go in my place and take care of them, I'd appreciate it.","Kill 10 Torn Fin Tidehunters and 10 Torn Fin Oracles for Lieutenant Farren Orinelle in Southshore.","I hope this will be enough to convince Redpath that I've--ha!--been carrying out his orders and ridding Southshore of the terrible and horrible menace of the dreaded murlocs! For there could be no greater evil than the ravages of overgrown fish!","","","","",""
537,"Dark Council","The letter you brought me was written by a being who calls himself Nagaz, a member of the Argus Wake.  I don't know what this Argus Wake is, but if they're in alliance with the Syndicate then they must be a threat.$B$BI want you to find Nagaz and the Argus Shadow Mages mentioned in that letter.  I want you to find them, and kill them.$B$BSearch in the Uplands, where the Syndicate is strongest.  It is north of Strahnbrad.$B$BWith luck, you'll find these envoys of the Argus Wake there.","Kill 4 Argus Shadow Mages.$B$BBring the Head of Nagaz to Magistrate Maleb in Southshore.","Well done, $N. The Argus Wake does not sound like a group we want running the Syndicate.$B$BAnd although you may have destroyed their leader here, Nagaz was merely the servant of another. The Argus Wake might run deep through the continent of Azeroth.$B$BOr even the world.","","","","",""
538,"Southshore","$N.  If you don't mind a long journey then I have a task for you, to again help Stormwind fill its library.$B$BThe old kingdom of Alterac fell after the great war, and it had a large collection of books.  It's a tragedy that the city is ruined, but even more tragic is all of their knowledge lost!  We must recover what we can.$B$BSouthshore is the closest town to the Ruins of Alterac.  Go there and speak with Loremaster Dibbs.  He can direct you to the ruins, and to what books may be found there.","Speak with Loremaster Dibbs in Southshore.","Ah yes, I remember Milton. A bookworm, no doubt. Bless him.$B$BAnd he's right. The Ruins of Alterac still hold stores of knowledge in danger of being lost!$B$BOgres now dwell in Alterac, and they don't care much for higher learning.","","","","",""
539,"Battle of Hillsbrad","The Hillsbrad Town Registry indicates that the Azureload Mine is under Alliance control.  Furthermore, the mine is a prime source of iron ore for the Alliance armories.$b$bEven though we've struck a decisive blow to the town of Hillsbrad, the Alliance still supports and protects the Azureload Mine fervently.$b$bThe mine lies due south of Hillsbrad.  Go there and slay the foreman, a human by the name of Bonds.  Kill his miners as well.  That should send a clear message to the Alliance.","Kill Foreman Bonds and 10 Hillsbrad Miners and report back to Darthalia in Tarren Mill.","The Dark Lady will be pleased when she learns that she has a new mine from which she can arm her soldiers.","","","","",""
540,"Preserving Knowledge","Those beastly ogres now reside within Alterac's ruins, and I shudder to think what they're doing with the precious books still there.  You must recover what you can!$B$BEnter the Ruins of Alterac and search for tomes looted by the ogres.  Get whatever you can find and bring them to me, but also seek out one book in particular: The Arm of Gri'lek.  It contains ancient troll lore that I must learn, and the Ruins of Alterac was the last known location of an intact copy of this book.","Bring 5 Recovered Tomes and the Worn Leather Book containing The Arm of Gri'lek to Loremaster Dibbs in Southshore.","Oh, you got them! Splendid! I must begin studying the Arm of Gri'lek immediately!","","","","",""
541,"Battle of Hillsbrad","Dwarves aiding the humans?  Damn those filthy little beasts.$b$bWe shall test the strength of the so-called Alliance.  We'll see how anxious those little ankle-bashers are to help the humans once they feel our wrath.  We know exactly where their stronghold is in this territory.$b$bThey have established a barracks in southeastern Hillsbrad along Thoradin's Wall called Dun Garok.  The final mission of this battle is to lay siege on Dun Garok, $c.  Captain Ironhill, their leader, must die.","Travel to Dun Garok and kill 10 Mountaineers, 8 Riflemen, 4 Priests and Captain Ironhill and report back to Darthalia in Tarren Mill.","Your actions on the battlefield are worthy of the highest praise.","","","","",""
542,"Return to Milton","I need to spend some time studying the Arm of Gri'lek book you brought me, though I'm sure Milton is eager to get the other recovered books into Stormwind's collection.$B$BHere are the books you gathered from the Ruins of Alterac, packed and catalogued.  Take them back to Milton Sheaf in Stormwind and I'm sure he'll be grateful.","Bring the Tomes of Alterac to Milton Sheaf in Stormwind.","My oh my! Look at these! I can't believe they survived the ruination of Alterac. And all those ogres too!$B$BThank you, $N. Thank you so much! You have helped preserve human knowledge, and you add to the grandeur of the Royal Library of Stormwind.","","","","",""
543,"The Perenolde Tiara","The Perenolde Tiara is an old heirloom of the Perenolde \"nobles\" - the ruling family of Alterac before that kingdom fell to ruin.  It is said to have been crafted by master jewelers in Ironforge, and fitted with the finest of emeralds.$B$BWhen Alterac was destroyed the Tiara was lost, but there are rumors that an Ogre Mage, Grel'borg the Miser, found the tiara and now wanders the Ruins of Alterac searching for more treasures.$B$BWe would have you acquire the tiara for us.","Bring the Perenolde Tiara to Remington Ridgewell in Stormwind.","Ah, this is splendid.  This will have to be cleaned of course, but you really outdid yourself, $N.  I will have someone prepare the tiara and place it within our collection posthaste.$B$BAs I'm sure you will agree, our gratitude is as grand as our collection.","","","","",""
544,"Prison Break In","I came to Tarren Mill to research, but now must resolve a crisis.  You see, four Forsaken fled the Undercity a few months ago.  They turned their backs on their brethren, but what's worse...they stole from the Dark Lady.$B$BThese thieves broke into a secure vault and stole four artifacts, items our apothecaries required in certain studies.  Sylvanas would have these artifacts returned.$B$BThe thieves fled the Undercity to Dalaran, and those wizards quarantined them in the Lordamere Internment Camp.","Find the traitors and recover their artifacts, then return to Magus Voidglare in Tarren Mill.","You have done a great service for the Forsaken, $N.  These artifacts have been sorely missed.$B$BAnd it is good to hear that Kegan and the other betrayers have found justice.","","","","",""
545,"Dalaran Patrols","The wizards of Dalaran constructed a vast, magical dome around the heart of their city.  Some believe it was for protection from the violence of these times, while others say they merely wanted solitude, to study and plot.$B$BI don't care what the reason was.  I do care that the ruined outskirts of their city, outside the dome, may hide valuable magical treasures.$B$BBut the area is patrolled by the wizards and their elemental slaves.$B$BSo hunt them, and return when their numbers are sufficiently reduced.","Kill 6 Dalaran Summoners and 12 Elemental Slaves, then return to Magus Voidglare in Tarren Mill.","Very good.  Those ruins should now be safe enough to search, if one is careful.$B$BThank you, $N.","","","","",""
546,"Souvenirs of Death","I hear you were enlisted by Darthalia to wage war on the humans of Hillsbrad.  So jealous I am. . .$b$bWhile you're off having all the fun -- slaying humans, pillaging the town, terrorizing innocent people -- I am stuck standing guard here in Tarren Mill.$b$bPerhaps you'll take pity on an old Deathguard like myself?  You see I am collecting human skulls.  And you will be fighting humans for quite some time.  Over the course of your long battle, bring me 30 skulls and I will make it worth your while.","Deathguard Samsa of Tarren Mill wants 30 Hillsbrad Human Skulls.","Precious skulls! So beautiful! I owe you as promised, $N!","","","","",""
547,"Humbert's Sword","High Executor Darthalia sent me to keep watch of Dun Garok from a distance.  I had set up camp just out of sight.  But when morning came and I had to boil water, I left to gather firewood.$b$bWhen I returned to camp, I discovered my gear was missing.$b$bApparently some dwarven scouts from Dun Garok had passed by and made off with it.  I need my sword!  If you can get it back for me I would be so grateful.  So many dwarves there...it will be quite difficult to find the dirty little thief who stole it.","Retrieve Deathguard Humbert's sword from Dun Garok and return it to him in Tarren Mill.","You found it!$b$bAh, I feel so complete with my precious sword back in my hand. Many thanks to you!","","","","",""
549,"WANTED: Syndicate Personnel","By the authority of Lady Sylvanas, all members of the organization known as the Syndicate are wanted dead. Those brought into custody or taken prisoner will be summarily executed. They are currently known to be amassing in the ruins of Durnholde Keep, to the southeast of Tarren Mill.$b$bA handsome reward is offered to all who bring proof of their deeds to High Executor Darthalia.","Kill 10 Syndicate Rogues and 10 Syndicate Watchmen. Return to High Executor Darthalia in Tarren Mill for your reward.","Excellent, $C. At this rate, the Syndicate pest will be rid from the land in no time.","","","","",""
550,"Battle of Hillsbrad","Because you fought with such valor and perseverance in the Battle of Hillsbrad, I have written this commendation, extolling your heroics in combat for the high command to recognize.$b$bTake this sealed commendation to Varimathras in the Undercity.  Go with pride, $c.","Take Darthalia's Sealed Commendation to Varimathras in the Undercity.","So you are the infamous $C who struck such a decisive blow against the Alliance forces in the Hillsbrad Foothills? Word of your glorious exploits traveled quickly to the Undercity.$b$bYou have quite a future in the Dark Lady's ranks if you continue to show such leadership and expertise in battle.$b$bWhile our primary threat is the Lich King's Scourge army descending from the north, the human \"problem\" continues to impede our battle plans. You, however, have shown that the humans can and will fall.","","","","",""
551,"The Ensorcelled Parchment","This parchment is enchanted with a spell, rendering it indecipherable.  But one word at the top of the paper can be read:$B$B$B      Nagaz$B$B","Take the Ensorcelled Parchment to Loremaster Dibbs in Southshore.","More encrypted notes?$B$BI wish I had the talents to decrypt all the strange bits of writing that trickle down from Alterac. But I'm afraid I lack the knowledge.","","","","",""
552,"Helcular's Revenge","Master Helcular was almost complete with his transformation into a Lich when a human lynch mob discovered his ritual lair in the hills and brutally killed him.  To make matters worse they buried his corpse in the Southshore cemetery.$b$bSuch disregard for the great wizard is unacceptable.  As his apprentice I shall see to it that the rains of vengeance fall upon the town of Southshore.$b$bWe will need Helcular's Rod first.  Yeti overtook his ritual lair.  Undoubtedly one of the beasts has it.","Retrieve Helcular's Rod from the Yeti and bring it back to Novice Thaivand in Tarren Mill.","You found it!  Most excellent, $N!","","","","",""
553,"Helcular's Revenge","Here, take the Rod of Helcular. You will need it.$b$bHelcular fashioned 3 ceremonial pyres as part of his most powerful spell.  The Flame of Azel and the Flame of Veraz lie within the Foothill Caverns. The Flame of Uzel lies in a cave above the caverns, further north in the mountains.$b$bThe Rod of Helcular must be charged from each of the three flames. Once the ritual is complete, drive the rod into Helcular's grave in Southshore, the heavily guarded human town to the south.  Vengeance shall be ours!","Charge the Rod of Helcular with the powers of the Flame of Azel, Flame of Veraz and the Flame of Uzel.$b$bDrive the charged rod into Helcular's grave in Southshore.","A great rumbling emanates from the ground.","","Flame of Azel charged","Flame of Veraz charged","Flame of Uzel charged",""
554,"Stormpike's Deciphering","Prospector Stormpike is a master of decryption and deciphering.  If you take the parchment you found to him, then with luck he can make sense of it.  Stormpike is currently studying in the Prospector headquarters in Ironforge.$B$BAnd when you see him tell him you spoke with me - I've been sending him quite a lot of business lately.","Take the Ensorcelled Parchment to Prospector Stormpike in Ironforge.","A wise decision. I don't believe there is a scholar other than myself with the skills to translate this scroll. And if its contents prove interesting, fear not. I will send for you.","","","","",""
555,"Soothing Turtle Bisque","If there's one thing you'll learn about Southshore it's that we have some of the best cuisine north of Stormwind!$b$bTake my secret recipe for Turtle Bisque, for example. I've known folks to travel from as far as Darkshire just to enjoy a bowl.  Speaking of which, I haven't been able to make any lately.  I used to head up past Dalaran to Lake Lordamere myself to hunt Snapjaws but it's just too dangerous now. If you bring me some Turtle Meat from the Snapjaws up north and Soothing Spices, I'll whip some up!","Bring 10 pieces of Turtle Meat and some Soothing Spices to Chef Jessen in Southshore.","Everyone will be so pleased: Chef Jessen's Soothing Turtle Bisque is served once again!","","","","",""
556,"Stone Tokens","A notable talent of the wizards of Dalaran is their familiarity with elementals: powerful creatures from other dimensions.  The wizards use magical tokens as a means to control these elementals.  Magus Voidglare would like some of these tokens to study.$B$BEnter the territories of the Dalaran wizards, west of Hillsbrad, and gather the tokens.$B$BYou might find the tokens on any citizen of Dalaran, but I suggest hunting at the internment camp.  It's safer than Dalaran itself.","Bring 10 Worn Stone Tokens to Keeper Bel'varil in Tarren Mill.","These will do nicely.  Although it looks like their magic is faded, it would be best if the Magus' initial experiments were on inert specimens such as these.$B$BThank you, $N.","","","","",""
557,"Bracers of Binding","The Magus will be busy studying those stone tokens you gathered, but I know he'll eventually want examples of their counterpart: bracers of binding.  These are set around the wrists of actual elementals, and bind them into the mage's service.$B$BHunt elementals in the ruins of Dalaran and gather their Bracers of Earth Binding, and the Magus will be pleased.","Bring 4 Bracers of Earth Binding to Keeper Bel'varil in Tarren Mill.","You found them.  I trust the elementals from which you removed these bracers were amenable?$B$BHm...death has not only stopped my heart, but robbed me of my comedic timing, it seems.$B$BWell thank you, $N.  You serve the Magus, and hence the Dark Lady, well.","","","","",""
559,"Farren's Proof","Would you believe it, $n? Redpath wasn't satisfied with all the murlocs we killed--oh now, don't be modest, you had some hand in it. Now he wants me to bring proof of the dead, hacking off cold, slimy murloc heads to submit for his approval.","Collect 10 Murloc Heads from the murlocs on the Western Strand for Lieutenant Farren Orinelle in Southshore.","Oh for the Love of the Light... they're dripping on the ground.$b$bCan't stand touching those things, myself. Fish are all well and good, but when they grow legs and start walking around... Haven't eaten a fish in weeks, let me tell you, and in Southshore, that means you aren't eating much.","","","","",""
560,"Farren's Proof","You know, $n, I'd really rather not take these heads... Since you've already got a handle on them, would you mind delivering them to Redpath for me?","Deliver the sack of murloc heads to Marshall Redpath in Southshore.","Farren's errand boy, are you?$b$bIf you assisted Farren in procuring these heads, then thank you. Southshore needs hard workers and effort to maintain its protection.","","","","",""
561,"Farren's Proof","Please inform Lieutenant Orinelle that I would like him to refocus his efforts on the naga infesting the Eastern Strand. When he has results, tell him to report to me in person.","Speak with Lieutenant Farren Orinelle in Southshore.","The naga, eh? Redpath must have just received the same information as me... Ha! He'll not receive a promotion from my toil. Let me explain.","","","","",""
562,"Stormwind Ho!","My former mentor in the Stormwind city guard sent a message to me that Alliance High Command is becoming concerned with the threat posed by the naga. From what he's heard, there's good chances for promotion--or at least reassignment--for anyone who proves valuable in this regard.$b$bThere's just one small problem... I can't handle the naga, $n. Oh sure, I could break up a drunken barroom brawl, or haul off a belligerent beggar, but the naga are too much for me. You've got to help me, $n!","Kill 10 Daggerspine Shorehunters and 10 Daggerspine Sirens for Lieutenant Farren Orinelle in Southshore.","With the naga put down in Southshore, I'll be a shoe-in to be reassigned. I'll get to see Stormwind again... get away from this Light-forsaken port.","","","","",""
563,"Reassignment","It shouldn't be a problem getting my report seen. The new captain of the guard, Major Samuelson, was my mentor while I was stationed in Stormwind. It should give him more than enough excuse to have me transferred back to the city. I'll need you to carry my report to him, though... wouldn't want ol' Redpath to catch on.","Deliver Farren's report to Major Samuelson in Stormwind Keep.","What's this? Ah... so my attentive pupil has applied himself to the problem of the naga in Southshore. Thank you for bringing this to me, I will certainly take it into account when I review personnel assignments in the next month.","","","","",""
564,"Costly Menace","Ain't nothin' that irks me more than losin' these here beautiful horses.  And believe me, we've lost quite a few between them pesky undead creeps, the dang Syndicate gang and all the other good-for-nothin' scoundrels pokin' about these parts.$b$bBut I swear on my ol' grand-daddy's grave there ain't no bigger menace to our horses here than them Mountain Lions up in Alterac.  Always comin' down from the hills and makin' my life difficult!$b$bYou fancy yourself a hero?  Go and do somethin' about it then!","Darren Malvew of Southshore wants you to kill 8 Mountain Lions and 10 Hulking Mountain Lions.","Ain't that great news! Should-a gone and found me a regular ol' war hero from day one to take care of them beasts. You'd-a made your pappy proud, $N.","","","","",""
565,"Bartolo's Yeti Fur Cloak","I, the great Bartolo, shall make for you the world famous, Alliance renowned, Yeti Fur Cloak!$b$bTravel the planet and find yourself a better cloak, I dare you.  Oh wait, what is that, little $r?  \"Bartolo, there is no finer cloak!\"  Yes, yes!  That, I have heard before.$b$bBartolo requires a Bolt of Wool, a Hillman's Cloak made by a skilled leatherworker, Fine Thread and Yeti Fur, of course!  Bring to me these items and you shall be a happy customer!","Bring Bartolo Ginsetti of Southshore a Bolt of Wool, a Hillman's Cloak, Fine Thread and 10 clumps of Yeti Fur.","Now it is time for the great Bartolo to work his magic! I require no wizard's staff, no $C's rod. For I, the great Bartolo, work magic with a mere needle and thread!","","","","",""
566,"WANTED: Baron Vardus","By order of High Executor Darthalia, the human known as Baron Vardus is wanted for crimes against the Forsaken. Vardus is known to be a high-ranking member of the organization known as the Syndicate.$b$bHe was last spotted in the Uplands in the Alterac Mountains, north of Tarren Mill.$b$bHe is wanted dead. Bring evidence of his demise to High Executor Darthalia to claim the reward.","Kill Baron Vardus and deliver his head to High Executor Darthalia in Tarren Mill.","Productive work you do, $N. With Baron Vardus dead, the number of Syndicate leaders grows smaller. Their resistance and irritation will be short-lived.","","","","",""
567,"Dangerous!","Dangerous!$b$bThe following humans of Hillsbrad have been deemed dangerous and are marked for bounty by High Executor Darthalia:$b$bClerk Horrace Whitesteed.  Wanted for the murder of Deathguard Toma.$b$bCitizen Wilkes.  Wanted for the murder of Apothecary Eli.$b$bMiner Hackett.  Wanted for the murder of Deathstalker Fry.$b$bFarmer Kalaba.  Wanted for the ambush of supplies from the Undercity.$b$bAll of these enemies are hiding and will be hard to find.  A reward will be granted upon notice of their death.","High Executor Darthalia of Tarren Mill is offering a bounty on Clerk Horrace Whitesteed, Citizen Wilkes, Miner Hackett and Farmer Kalaba.","You are quite the bounty hunter, $c.  Well done.","","","","",""
568,"The Defense of Grom'gol","Throm'ka, $c!$b$bYour arrival at Grom'gol is timely, indeed.  As commander of the Warchief's base camp here in the jungle I am bound by honor to ensure the safety of all members of the Horde.  Our mission to provide a safe chain of supply to Stonard is being hampered by some of the local inhabitants.$b$bI am putting you in charge of thinning out the raptor population outside of Grom'gol.  Once you have made significant progress, report back to me for reassignment.","Commander Aggro'gosh of the Grom'gol base camp wants you to kill 15 Lashtail Raptors.","Your duty was performed with honor, $c.","","","","",""
569,"The Defense of Grom'gol","When we first arrived in this jungle we did not intend to wage war on the local tribes.  Our mission to supply Stonard is of the highest priority.  But complications have arisen.  A local band of ogres has occupied the Mizjah Ruins to the southeast of Grom'gol.  Despite warnings, they continue to ambush our supply caravans.$b$bI am putting you in charge of dealing with these uncooperative ogres.$b$bTravel to the ruins and attempt to drive them from the area.  At the very least it will send a firm message.","Commander Aggro'gosh of the Grom'gol base camp wants you to kill 10 Ogre Brutes and 5 Ogre Witch Doctors.","Well done.  You have served the Warchief with honor.","","","","",""
570,"Mok'thardin's Enchantment","The power of the jungle's magic must be realized and then harnessed by the Horde.  My rituals have proven successful so far.  I can cast very powerful enchantments.  For you, brave $c, I shall make a special item indeed.$b$bBring to me some Shadowmaw Panther claws along with a Tigress fang.  Not just any fang will do.  It must be in pristine condition.$b$bThe beasts lurk throughout the jungle but you will find some close by, just across the river from Mizjah Ruins to the southeast.","Far Seer Mok'thardin at the Grom'gol base camp wants 8 Shadowmaw Claws and a Pristine Tigress Fang.","Your knowledge of the jungle is strong, $n.  These specimens will be perfect.  I will thank the spirits for sacrificing such fine beasts for the cause of the Horde.","","","","",""
571,"Mok'thardin's Enchantment","What I need from you now will be very difficult to obtain.$b$bTo hold all these feathers, claws and the pristine fang in place I require a magical tether.  Only an aged gorilla sinew will work.$b$bYou will only be able to find one on an Elder Mistvale Gorilla.  They are known to forage to the east of Booty Bay.$b$bThe sinew must be perfect.  It might take quite a few kills for you to find exactly what I need but it will be well worth the hunt.","Bring an Aged Gorilla Sinew to Far Seer Mok'thardin in Grom'gol.","A most ideal sinew, $n.  Your efforts will pay off soon.","","","","",""
572,"Mok'thardin's Enchantment","The items you gathered from the feline beasts of the Vale are only the first requirement for a powerful enchanted item.  These jungle trinkets combined with my shamanistic ritual will provide you with a very useful tool in assisting the Horde and the Warchief.$b$bBut now you must gather for me some Jungle Stalker Feathers.  The feathers are traditionally worn by the beasts on their armbands.  You will find a tribe of the raptors directly south of Grom'gol, not far from the great arena.","Bring 10 Jungle Stalker Feathers to Far Seer Mok'thardin at the Grom'gol base camp.","Most excellent.  I will prepare these at once.","","","","",""
573,"Mok'thardin's Enchantment","There is but one final reagent needed to complete the enchantment.$b$bIn the south, towards the western coast, high above the bluffs, lies a Holy Spring.  This spring is the subject of great conflict amongst religious and mystical scholars.  Every race in Azeroth claims that the spring waters were made divine for their people.$b$bMy final request of you: bring to me Holy Spring Water.  Be warned.  An expedition of naga explorers have advanced upon the spring.  They will need to be dealt with as well.","Far Seer Mok'thardin of Grom'gol needs Holy Spring Water.  He also wants you to kill 10 Naga Explorers.","With this Holy Spring Water the ceremonial choker is ready for enchantment.$b$bWear this with pride, $n, in the name of the Warchief and in defense of the mighty Horde.","","","","",""
574,"Special Forces","Now that many of his regular troops are reduced, you must face his highly trained forces.  When they're not in the wilderness slaughtering our rebel soldiers, they are found deep in the back of the Kurzen Compound, in a cave they call the Stockpile.$B$BI know many of Kurzen's troops personally, and I know they are skilled, loyal, and cruel.  This is no easy task I set before you, $N.$B$BAfter you defeat them, report to Lieutenant Doren, my commanding officer.  He will want your report firsthand.","Kill 10 Kurzen Commandoes and 6 Kurzen Headshrinkers.$B$BReport to Lieutenant Doren at the Rebel Camp.","$N. Sergeant Yohwa trusted your abilities, and I trust her. The defeat you brought to Kurzen's forces is almost too much to hope for. I had feared we rebels were alone, and alone we could never stand up against the Colonel's brilliance.$b$bPerhaps hope of our survival yet remains.","","","","",""
575,"Supply and Demand","\"The finest leathercrafter of the South Seas and the worlds old and new.\" That's what they call me. Me! Drizzlik! The finest lea... Ahem. Well.$b$bMy leather goods are known far and wide as the most exquisite, a connoisseur's choice!$b$bI've just received an order from Director Riddlevox of the Tinkers' Union for a dozen of his favorite Excelsior-line boots. Our best sellers, actually.$b$bTo start on the basic shape, I'll need crocolisk skins from the crocs along the river in northern Stranglethorn.","Bring 2 Large River Crocolisk Skins to Drizzlik in Booty Bay.","These skins should do. Their quality isn't too important, given that they'll make up the inside layer of the boots, but it's still important that they're comfortable.$b$bIf they're a bit too rigid, I'll use some tiger blood to soften it up. Tricks o' the trade, you know?","","","","",""
576,"Keep An Eye Out","Avast!  Who goes there?$b$bArgh, I am but useless without me special enchanted eye.  Bad enough to have lost me eyes in battle in the first place!  But by some stroke o' luck we docked in Menethil and a traveling wizard enchanted a special glass eye that let me see again.$b$bLast night I ended up gettin' jumped by some Bloodsail Buccaneers on me way out.  Took me eye, they did!  Seems those blokes have found their way to Booty Bay.$b$bHelp an old sea dog out by gettin' me eye back?","Dizzy One-Eye in Booty Bay wants you to retrieve his eye from the Bloodsail Buccaneers.","Shiver me timbers and timber me shivers!  Ye found me beautiful eye!  Let's see if she still fits.$b$b$n ho!  Blimey, I can see!!","","","","",""
577,"Some Assembly Required","Well, I've got the basic shape of the boots worked out, and they're coming along fine, but the skins you brought aren't going to be quite enough for the inner layers.$b$b\"What are we going to do, Drizzlik?\" No doubt the question on your lips, and well, isn't it lucky you're talking to Drizzlik, because he's going to tell you what we're going to do!$b$bThe inner layers will never really be seen, so we'll just get some of the thicker, cheaper skins from the crocs around Lake Nazferiti to fill the boots out.","Bring 5 Snapjaw Crocolisks Skins to Drizzlik in Booty Bay.","My boots... they're like sausages, $n. Look great, taste great. I tell you they're filled with nothing but the finest ingredients and meats, and you eat it, and you love it.$b$bIt's safer--and more enjoyable--if you just trust me, and don't ask too carefully what's really inside.","","","","",""
578,"The Stone of the Tides","If there is indeed a goblin mage and water elementals haunting the island, it could mean the Stone of the Tides can be mine!$b$bI want you to locate this haunted island... find out what's going on. Oh, and if you perhaps want to find out more about the Stone of the Tides, take this scrip to the Stormwind Library, they should be able to find you a copy of the book I first came across the legend in.$b$bCould it be that Gazban actually discovered the Stone...?","Find the haunted island for Baron Revilgaz in Booty Bay.","So the stories were true! Incredible!$B$BHowever, we will need to figure out a way to defeat the curse of the Stone of the Tides, if we are to retrieve it. The curse is magical business, we'll need one of those wizards to help us out.","Locate the haunted island","","","",""
579,"Stormwind Library","","","Do any of these titles interest you, $N?","","","","",""
580,"Whiskey Slim's Lost Grog","We was splicin' the mainbrace somethin' fierce off of the Overlook Cliffs, ol' Hinterlands just in the distance.  Thought the seas was goin' to swallow us whole.$b$bOl' Slim knows all about liquid courage!  Cap'n had a crate of Pupellyverbos Port we commandeered from a privateer en route to Stormwind.$b$bSo when that storm off of Hinterlands hit, I busted into the grog.  Big wave hit and tossed them bottles overboard.  Cap'n is goin' to give me a taste o' the cat if ye don't help me get 'em back though!","Whiskey Slim in Booty Bay wants you to bring him the bottles of Pupellyverbos Port he lost.","Shiver me timbers!  Ye found the Cap'n's grog!$b$bI owe ye big time, friend.$b$bSeems like a storm is a brewin' outside.  Maybe I'll just keep warm with one o' these here bottles while we wait for it to pass....","","","","",""
581,"Hunt for Yenniku","A doom, there is.  A doom on my chief's youngest son, Yenniku.  As is a custom with our people, he was given to the Gurubashi Trolls of Zul'Gurub, but after my tribe, the Darkspear tribe, left with the orc Thrall, poor Yenniku was lost to us.  I was sent from distant Orgrimmar, back to Stranglethorn, to search for my chief's son.$B$BAnd I believe the Bloodscalp tribe has him.$B$BIf you would help me, then hunt the Bloodscalps.  You may find them to the north.  Gather their tusks and return to me.","Bring 9 Bloodscalp Tusks to Nimboya at the Grom'gol Base Camp.","These are good tusks, $N.  You prove that you have the strength to hunt the Bloodscalps.$B$BAnd that is good, because you are not done hunting them.","","","","",""
582,"Headhunting","We must find if Yenniku is dead.$B$BSlay the Bloodscalp Headhunters and take from them their Shrunken Heads.  You must gather many, many heads, and I will inspect them to make sure Yenniku's head is not among them.$B$BAnd if Yenniku was killed by the Bloodscalps, then may a 600-year curse fall on the spirit of their chief, Gan'zulah!$B$BGo, $N.  You may find many Headhunters at the ruins of Zuuldaia and Zul'Kunda, along the coast to the north.","Bring 20 Shrunken Heads to Nimboya at the Grom'gol Base Camp.","Thank you, $N.  I will inspect these heads to ensure poor Yenniku was spared the headhunter's axe.","","","","",""
583,"Welcome to the Jungle","Welcome to Stranglethorn!$b$bPerhaps you're not aware of this, but that dwarf over there is the one and only Hemet Nesingwary, renowned war hero of the Alliance and master big game hunter.  He's not one for welcoming strangers into his camp, but you look like you've seen quite a bit of action in your day, $c.$b$bBeing a veteran of many battles himself, Master Nesingwary has a soft spot for fellow heroes.$b$bGo and speak with him.  Perhaps he can give you some hunting pointers.","Speak with Hemet Nesingwary.","Jolly nice to make your acquaintance, $n. Haven't seen a $c around these parts for some time.$b$bI situated myself with this expedition for one purpose: to hunt a great and elusive beast. Seeing that you're a hero of sorts I am willing to let you take part in the hunt, but you must first prove yourself.$b$bI shall teach the ways of raptor killing to you. Ajeck will train you with tiger hunting. And Sir Erlgadin is a master of panther tracking.$b$bProve your skill and I'll let you in on the big hunt.","","","","",""
584,"Bloodscalp Clan Heads","Yenniku was not among the heads, and I thank the Great Serpent for it.  But we are no closer to finding him.$B$BWe must know the truth, and I fear that only the Bloodscalp chief and his witchdoctor know it.  They are the enemies of the Darkspear tribe and will not speak freely, so we must force the truth from their dead lips!$B$BBring me the heads of Gan'zulah and Nezzliok the Dire and place them within this cauldron.$B$BThey are deep within Zul'Kunda.  Bring their heads...we will then make them talk.","Bring Gan'zulah's Head and Nezzliok's Head to the bubbling cauldron at the Grom'gol Base Camp.","You place the heads of Gan'zulah and Nezzliok within the cauldron...","","","","",""
585,"Speaking with Nezzliok","<The head of Nezzliok speaks.>$B$BIt is true.  I know where the child of the Darkspears was taken.  You have bested me and bound my spirit, but I will say nothing without appeasement!$B$BThe Bloodscalps war with the Skullsplitters.  To gain my favor, steal from the Skullsplitters 3 of their trophy skulls and place them here with us, so that my spirit will have slaves in the Nether.  One skull must be from their trophy pile in Balia'mah, another from Ziata'jai, and the last from Zul'Mamwe.","Bring a Balia'mah Trophy, a Ziata'jai Trophy and a Zul'Mamwe Trophy to the Bubbling Cauldron at the Grom'gol Base Camp.","Yes.  These will serve me well.  When my spirit is freed, I will enter the Nether with three fine servants!$B$BYou are a credit to your $r clan, and you have appeased me.","","","","",""
586,"Speaking with Gan'zulah","<The head of Gan'zulah speaks.>$B$BCurse you!  And curse your ancestors!!$B$BOnly blood and revenge can cool my rage, so if that is your wish, then... do this:$B$BThrow yourself into the heart of the Skullsplitters to the east.  Slay the fiercest among them, and if you survive...then break yourself against their chief, Ana'thek the Cruel.  Hah!  Bring me his shattered armor if you can!$B$BMay he tear off your limbs and leave you to rot and be eaten by carrion.","Kill 8 Skullsplitter Hunters, 6 Skullsplitter Headhunters, and 4 Skullsplitter Berserkers.$B$BBring the Broken Armor of Ana'thek to the Bubbling Cauldron at the Grom'gol Base Camp.","I do not want to believe it, but I cannot deny what you have done.  And my rage eases, now that Ana'thek is defeated.  $B$BYour might will drive you to great deeds, $N.  But one day...I will see you in the Nether and we will again match strength.$B$BI will be waiting.","","","","",""
587,"Up to Snuff","Ah, the sea life.  I ain't gonna say it's the good life, but it's my life.$b$bWhen I get into port I like to find me a good bottle of grog and some high quality snuff.  Nasty habits but what's a pirate without his vices, right?$b$bSo you can imagine how heartbroken I was to find out the herbalist here in town has gone and sold out of the stuff.  Says his shipment got hijacked by those damned Bloodsail Raiders.$b$bI bet a fearless $c like you could convince 'em to share the goods, eh?","Deeg in Booty Bay wants you to bring him 15 shares of Snuff.","Good show, $n!  And just before I need to ship out too!  Can't thank you enough, old friend.","","","","",""
588,"The Fate of Yenniku","<Nezzliok speaks.>$B$BYou have appeased myself and my chief, so I will tell you that which you seek to discover...$B$BYoung Yenniku is lost to his clan.$B$BHe was taken by the witchdoctor Zanzil the Outcast.  Now Zanzil controls him, body and soul, and only the most potent magic could set him free.$B$BA magic that you do not have, $c.$B$BPerhaps your Darkspear allies can offer a hope of Yenniku's salvation.  But that, I doubt.","Speak with Kin'weelay.","Zanzil the Outcast??$B$BIf Yenniku is held by that troll, a vile and powerful witchdoctor, then I fear that only a faint hope remains.  Faint.  And tiny as the smallest insect.$B$BBut still, it is hope.","","","","",""
589,"The Singing Crystals","Legends tell of a jewel, hidden deep in the heart of Stranglethorn.  We call it the Mind's Eye, and it has great powers.  If you gain this Eye then, perhaps, we can use it to bring lost Yenniku back from the darkness.$B$BI will consult with the spirits of the jungle to find the Mind's Eye.  While I do this, you enter the Crystalvein Mine, southeast of here, and gather Pulsing Blue Shards from Ironjaw Basilisks.  The shards are rare, but we will need their magic to bend the Mind's Eye to our will.","Bring 3 Pulsing Blue Shards to Kin'weelay at the Grom'gol Base Camp.","You have done well, $N.  These shards are well formed.  Already I hear them sing to me.$B$BAnd while you were gone, I spoke with the spirits of the jungle.  I know where the Mind's Eye rests...$B$B...And who guards it.","","","","",""
590,"A Rogue's Deal","What?$B$BWhat?!$B$BYou want money? I don't owe you any money.$B$BLetter? What letter? Oh, you wanna fight then? All right, mate... let's do this! Owe you any money...","Defeat Calvin Montague in Deathknell.","Incredible! What skill!$B$BThought you'd be easy prey, $N. Got me good, you did.$B$BHere's the coin I promised... not as much as I said it'd be, but that's on a count o' me lying to ya in the first place.","Defeat Calvin Montague","","","",""
591,"The Mind's Eye","The Mind's Eye is held by an ogre mage, east of here and deep within the Mosh'Ogg ogre mound.  His name is Mai'Zoth.  I know him from when the Darkspears dwelt in Stranglethorn - he is vicious, and his magic is strong.$B$BAnd if he has the Mind's Eye, then his magic will be stronger still.$B$BYou must face Mai'Zoth and wrest from him the Mind's Eye.  It is a perilous task, but it is the only hope we have of saving Yenniku.","Bring the Mind's Eye to Kin'weelay at the Grom'gol Base Camp.","You retrieved the eye! Your might is the stuff of legends, $N!$b$bAnd in getting the Eye, you must have defeated Mai'Zoth and sent him to the Nether. That is why the spirits would not mention him before.$b$bIt is good that he is gone from the world of flesh and bone, but now that he is in the realm of spirits...I fear he will begin a new reign.$b$bBut that is a worry for another time. Now, I must perform a ritual to bend the Mind's Eye to our needs...","","","","",""
592,"Saving Yenniku","I have reshaped the Mind's Eye into a Soul Gem.  Its purpose is twofold: you must use it to stun Yenniku, and once stunned place it upon his head to entrap his soul.$B$BThen, bring the gem to Nimboya.$B$BYenniku dwells with Zanzil the Outcast, at the Ruins of Aboraz, along the Crystal Shore on the distant Cape of Stranglethorn.","Bring the Filled Soul Gem to Nimboya.","You've done it! You freed Yenniku from the will of Zanzil, and completed the mission I had thought was so desperate.$b$bOur tribe will remember your name in songs, $N, and we will etch your tale in stone so that it will live forever.","","","","",""
593,"Filling the Soul Gem","","","You place the Soul Gem upon his forehead. He shudders as his soul is sucked in, leaving his body, a mindless husk, behind.","","","","",""
594,"Message in a Bottle","The note reads, in fairly good handwriting:$B$BTo any that can aid me-$B$BPlease, my need for help is dire. A great Skymane holds me captive on an island in the South Seas.$B$BThe stars at night are foreign to me and obscured by the jungle trees, but on the clearest days I see Wild Shore to the northwest, and what seem to be large sailing ships to the southwest.$B$BI beg of you, my would-be savior, please help me.","Find the author of the message in a bottle.","Have you come to free me?","","","","",""
595,"The Bloodsail Buccaneers","You sure seem eager to work, matey.  Not sure why some land-loving $r $c is offering help to the Blackwater Raiders, but I'm not going to turn you away.$b$bOur ship just docked here in Booty Bay and word has it that our rivals--those damned, dirty Bloodsail Buccaneers--have been spotted all over southern Stranglethorn.$b$bAll the boys are too busy hitting the grog and looking for ladies!  What I need is a scout.$b$bCheck the cove just north of Booty Bay along the Savage Coast and see what you find.","First Mate Crazz wants you to check the cove north of Booty Bay.","On top of the barrel, you discover a map with some hastily written text on it along with some coins.","","","","",""
596,"Bloody Bone Necklaces","I was sent to Grom'gol  to aid Nimboya on his quest, but... I too have reasons for being here.$B$BThe Bloodscalp tribe is enemy to our tribe.  Collecting trophies of our enemies gives us power over them.  You may aid our tribe by hunting our enemies.$B$BThey dwell to the north.  Slay Bloodscalp trolls and take from them their bloody bone necklaces.  Collect many, and your reward will be great.","Bring 25 Bloody Bone Necklaces to Kin'weelay at the Grom'gol Base Camp.","Ah, very good.  I will boil these, and leech them, and the spirits of their owners will weaken as I render their necklaces to paste!$B$BHere, $N.  This will repay my debt to you.","","","","",""
597,"The Bloodsail Buccaneers","The map shows Booty Bay with a red \"X\" drawn precisely at the spot at which you are standing.$b$bThe scribbled text reads:$b$b\"You men are to secure a camp at this location and keep quiet.  Wait for the signal from the southern command post before attacking.  If anyone approaches you, kill them.\"","Report your findings to First Mate Crazz in Booty Bay.","Sure, I remember you, $c.  Back from scouting I see....","","","","",""
598,"Split Bone Necklace","Now that you have gathered Bloodscalp trophies, I have another task for you.  The Skullsplitter tribe of trolls live to the southeast, and for years we have warred with them.  Although the Darkspears no longer dwell in Stranglethorn, we are bound to our conflict with the Skullsplitters.$B$BSo, hunt them.  Gather their Split Bone Necklaces and return to me.  Aid us in our war, and you will earn the friendship of the Darkspears.","Bring 25 Split Bone Necklaces to Kin'weelay at the Grom'gol Base camp.","Your strength is great to have gained these necklaces, $N.  The Skullsplitters fall to you like young saplings stomped to earth by a Basilisk!$B$BYour deeds are a boon to us.","","","","",""
599,"The Bloodsail Buccaneers","Shiver me timbers!  So the Bloodsail Buccaneers are planning some sort of attack on Booty Bay?  Why, the nerve of those scoundrels.  Booty Bay will always be run by the Blackwater Raiders!$b$bThis is bigger than I thought.  Report what you have learned to Fleet Master Seahorn at once!  The ol' sea dog is around town somewhere....","Report the planned Bloodsail attack to Fleet Master Seahorn.","Bloodsail Buccaneers attacking Booty Bay?  They might as well throw themselves off the Overlook Cliffs.  Nonetheless, by bringing me this information you have done my fleet of swashbucklers a great service.  The Blackwater Raiders thank you.","","","","",""
600,"Venture Company Mining","The Venture Company has a string of operations through Stranglethorn which keeps hard-working goblins, like me, from making honest gold!  Please, you must help me!$B$BThe Venture Company is mining near the Crystalvein Mine to the north.  They can't get into the mine because of all the basilisks, but they're still able to dig up Singing Crystals from the surrounding hills.$B$BTake their crystals from them, and show them they don't have the run of the jungle.$B$BAnd... um... bring me those crystals as proof!","Bring 10 Singing Blue Crystals to Crank Fizzlebub in Booty Bay.","Great!  Wonderful!  I can get a bundle for these!!$B$BThat Venture Company sure picked the wrong jungle to mine in, didn't they?  We'd all be in better shape if they moved out of here.$B$BThank you, $N.  You've done a good deed this day.","","","","",""
601,"Water Elementals","The water elementals were no doubt summoned by Gazban, the goblin wizard rumored to have discovered the Stone of the Tides. As you may know, the Stone of the Tides curses its bearer, causing him to fade in and out of existence...$b$bPerhaps we can find a way to counteract the curse. We can have a mage of Dalaran analyze the magical residue of one of the water elemental's bracers. I need you to go back to the island and retrieve a few specimens.","Acquire 6 Water Elemental Bracers for Baron Revilgaz in Booty Bay.","Hm, I haven't the eye to examine these bracers to see if any of them will be of any use, but I'm sure at least one of them will be able to help. Take them to Dalaran and have a mage look at them.$B$BAfter all, I can't very well leave Booty Bay just to chat with those tiresome old mages.$B$BNot that I'm worried anyone would try to elbow their way into being the new baron. No one crosses Revilgaz and lives to tell of it.","","","","",""
602,"Magical Analysis","From what I've heard, the mages of Dalaran are busy with the reconstruction of their destroyed city, I'm sure you can find one of them who will spare some time to look at the bracers. If there's anything I know about mages, they can't resist a magical puzzle.$b$bTake the bag of water elemental bracers and see if they can shed any light on the Stone's curse.  Look for the Archmage Ansirem Runeweaver in particular.  I've dealt with him before, and his knowledge is vast.","Bring the water elemental bracers to Archmage Ansirem Runeweaver in Dalaran.","The Stone of the Tides? Most interesting. It might surprise you to know that I wrote a tome - several years ago - pertaining to the legends of the Gurubashi Empire. I do know quite a bit about the Stone.$B$BAt least one of these bracers appears to have some magical residue I can analyze.$B$BLet's see what I can see...","","","","",""
603,"Ansirem's Key","The mage that is in possession of the Stone is amplifying its power through some focal point... an altar of some sort. You should be able to disrupt it by overpowering it.$b$bAs it happens, I know just the thing: an ancient dagger, another troll relic. There's just one... little problem.$b$bYou see, I found the dagger while researching in Stranglethorn, but I gave it to my willful daughter, Catelyn, who ran off to Booty Bay to become a pirate.","Talk to Catelyn in Booty Bay.","My dagger? What are you, some sort of comedian?$B$BWhat? Do you just want me to repeat the story of how I've gone from the best knife fighter in Booty Bay to the laughing stock of piratedom!$B$BI lost a knife fight to one of the Bloodsail Buccaneers--bunch of right bastards they are!--and he took my blade as spoils.$B$BIt's not as though I can get by as a knife fighter with insults and a sharp tongue alone...","","","","",""
604,"The Bloodsail Buccaneers","Crazz speaks highly of your dedication to the Blackwater Raiders.  I am going to trust you with a mission of extreme importance to the fleet.$b$bInfiltrate the so-called southern command post the Bloodsail Buccaneers have established on the Wild Shore.  Raid the encampment.  Bring me their charts along with their written orders.  We shall see exactly what those scum are up to.","Fleet Master Seahorn in Booty Bay wants you to kill 10 Bloodsail Swashbucklers and bring back the Bloodsail Charts and the Bloodsail Orders.","Perfect, $n.  Now that we know their plan, it's just a matter of time.$b$bAnd to think the fools have dropped anchor just off the cape....","","","","",""
605,"Singing Blue Shards","The Singing Crystals are unique to Stranglethorn, and are very valuable to certain parties.  I can move those crystals, but the cursed Venture Company makes it hard for an honest entrepreneur like myself to gather any!$B$BI'd like to hire you.$B$BThe basilisks in Stranglethorn eat the crystal.  This gives them their hardened skin, and sometimes decent quality crystal can be harvested from it.$B$BYou can get it from any basilisk, but the less nasty ones are along the shores south of Zul'Kunda, to the north.","Bring 10 Singing Crystal Shards to Crank Fizzlebub.","Aha!  These will do nicely, $N.  Yes, quite nicely!$B$BHere is your cut, and...it was a pleasure doing business with you.","","","","",""
606,"Scaring Shaky","If there's one thing I can't stand, it's people who don't pay their gambling debts!  And there are a lot of people who owe me. Think you can help me collect?$B$BFirst, there's \"Shaky\" Phillipe down by the docks.  He owes me plenty after last week's game and I want my due!  But to get it, we'll have to scare him.$B$BGo out of town and hunt Elder Mistvale Gorillas.  Find a nice selection of giblets, then take them to Shaky.  Don't let on that they're from an animal; let him think the worst.","Bring 5 Mistvale Giblets to \"Shaky\" Phillipe in Booty Bay.","Ack!  Where'd you get these?  No, don't tell me. I don't want to know!$B$BWho sent you?  Sea Wolf?","","","","",""
607,"Return to MacKinley","Here, take this pouch and give it to Sea Wolf.  And tell him I meant to pay him back!  I swear!!$B$BI just got a little drunk and lost my way, and...you know how things are.  He'll understand - you don't have to get rough!","Bring Shaky's Payment to \"Sea Wolf\" MacKinley","Heh heh, well done!  And when you showed Shaky those giblets, how hard did he shake?$B$BHah!  He's so easy to read, when I play cards with him I can't help but win!$B$BThanks for your help, $N.  Now it's your turn to get paid...","","","","",""
608,"The Bloodsail Buccaneers","Blast the nerve of Firallon!  He couldn't sail a skiff through Crystal Lake let alone lead an entire fleet against us.$b$bThe Bloodsail Buccaneers will pay for their carelessness.  Now that we know their plan of attack, we can counter before they know what hit them.$b$bBut why send the entire fleet to do the work of one brave adventuring party?  $n, take some of your most skilled comrades out to Firallon's landing spot and assassinate the Bloodsail leadership.  Their fleet will sink soon after....","Fleet-Master Seahorn in Booty Bay wants you to kill Captain Stillwater, Captain Keelhaul and Fleet Master Firallon.","Ah, what a great day for the Blackwater Raiders!  Three cheers to you, $n!","","","","",""
609,"Voodoo Dues","My list is shortening, but there are still people who owe me.$B$BNext, we have Maury \"Club Foot\" Wilkins, Jon-Jon the Crow, and Chucky \"Ten Thumbs.\"$B$BThese scurvy dogs' debts are months outstanding and I thought they skipped town to avoid paying up!  Later, I heard they're cursed and bewitched and now wander the jungle ruins.  But I don't care what their fate is - I want what's mine!$B$BThey're at the Ruins of Aboraz and the Ruins of Jubuwal, northeast of here.  Find them, and collect.","Bring Maury's Clubbed Foot, Jon-Jon's Golden Spyglass, and Chucky's Huge Ring to \"Sea Wolf\" MacKinley in Booty Bay.","Great!  I can get a good price for these, especially for what's inside Maury's foot!  Thanks much, $N!$B$BI hope those three learned their lesson: don't bet something you can't afford to lose.$B$BAnd maybe it's too late for them, but...they should be careful of who they gamble with.","","","","",""
610,"\"Pretty Boy\" Duncan","My FATHER sent you? I'd have thought that old codger would have given up on me by now.$b$bIt wasn't really his fault I ran off, he just shouldn't have expected I'd be willing to live a boring life, reading over musty books and associating with grey-haired, stiff-backed, stuffy mages!$b$bIf you need my dagger, you'll have to get it back from \"Pretty Boy\" Duncan, one of the Bloodsail Buccaneers. Put something 'tween his shoulders and I'm sure he'll give it up.","Get Catelyn's dagger from \"Pretty Boy\" Duncan.","You beat Duncan? I guess you aren't as wet behind the ears as you looked at first glance.$b$bI suppose that also means I shouldn't challenge you to a fight any time soon!","","","","",""
611,"The Curse of the Tides","So you're looking for an altar of some sort? Well, I'm no expert on troll ruins like my father, but I have heard about a sunken troll city out near that island you're looking for. Maybe you should try there.$b$bYou got my knife back for me, so I guess you can borrow it... but I want it back when you're done!","Destroy the Altar of the Tides with Catelyn's Blade, kill Gazban and bring the Stone of the Tides and Catelyn's Blade back to Baron Revilgaz.","Amazing! The Stone of Tides! It shall have a place of prominence in my collection of ancient troll artifacts. Did you see how it almost seems as though a tide is trapped within its surface? Magnificent!","","","","",""
613,"Cracking Maury's Foot","Curses!  That swab Maury put a lock on his foot, and I can't open it!  His loot's inside the foot, and that's what he owes me!$B$BWe need to find the key to open the lock.  Maury was known to gamble with the Mosh'Ogg ogres, at their mound to the northeast.  And he told me, when he was still alive, that the last time he went to the mound he was chased off after winning too much.  Maybe the Ogres there have his key.$B$BBut if they do, you might have to kill a load of them to find the right one...","Bring Maury's Key to \"Sea Wolf\" Mackinley in Booty Bay.","You found it! Thanks a million, $N. You've been a big help to me!$b$bHere you go - you earned this!","","","","",""
614,"The Captain's Chest","I used to sail a ship from here all the way to Ratchet, in Kalimdor.  I was a successful captain with a sterling reputation.$B$BUntil...$B$BThose cursed sea giants ruined me!  They smashed my ship, killed my crew, and set me on a lifeboat to Booty Bay.  And one of the giants, Gorlash, stole my Captain's Chest.  He said he wanted it for a snuffbox.  The nerve!$B$BI hear Gorlash wanders the coast east of here.  Find him and get back my chest!  Do that, and you'll have earned a captain's gratitude.","Bring Smotts' Chest to Hecklebury Smotts in Booty Bay.","You found it! Oh happy day, this is! Thank you, $N. Getting back my chest cools some of the fire in me.$b$bBut my revenge isn't complete...","","","","",""
615,"The Captain's Cutlass","After I lost my first ship to those giants, I bought another.  Named Smotts' Revenge, I filled it with supplies and crew, and set out to find the villains.  I found them, but...they beat me.  They smashed Smotts' Revenge, killed my second crew and set me on another lifeboat.$B$BThis time another of the giants, Negolash, stole my cutlass.$B$BFace Negolash and bring me my cutlass!$B$BSpeak with Sprogger.  He was my cook on the Smotts' Revenge, and survived the last attack.  He can help you find the giant.","Speak with Sprogger.","Hello hello, $N. Captain told me you're going after Negolash, eh?","","","","",""
616,"The Haunted Isle","Baron Revilgaz has had me keep an ear out for rumors of the strange and out-of-place in Booty Bay and Stranglethorn. I don't usually put much stock in ghost stories, but I heard some sailors in the tavern talking about a haunted island off the coast. Water elementals and a raving goblin ghost, they say.$b$bIf you're going to go talk to Revilgaz, could you relay that story to him?","Speak with Baron Revilgaz in Booty Bay.","Interesting. Some time ago, I seem to remember reading a book once that suggested...$b$bAh, of course, a troll legend it was. If what Krazek reports is true, perhaps I will soon be able to add the Stone of the Tides to my collection of ancient artifacts and relics.","","","","",""
617,"Akiris by the Bundle","You looking fer work, $N? I might have some if you're up for a little challenge.$B$BI got a friend named Groy who makes a killing selling what the naga call akiris reed: it's some kind of valuable ocean reed. Not too sure what it's for, but he pays well for bundles of the stuff.$B$BYa bring me ten stalks of the stuff, and we'll have business to do. The naga were last seen along the beach to the north of here.","Bring 10 Bundles of Akiris Reed to Privateer Bloads in Booty Bay.","Well done, $N. 10 stalks of akiris reed wasn't too much a challenge after all, huh? No offense to the naga, but hey, everybody's gotta make a living.","","","","",""
618,"Facing Negolash","Negolash is a hungry giant.$B$BWhen the giants destroyed our ship, Negolash went straight for my kitchen.  He wasn't hungry for crew like the other giants.  Negolash wanted wine...and my Barbecued Buzzard Wings.  They're my specialty, and I had to go all the way to the Badlands for the recipe!$B$BIf you want to lure the giant, then get some wine and a heap of buzzard wings.  Put them in our old lifeboat, southeast of here along the coast.  When Negolash smells all that food, he'll come for sure!","Bring 10 Barbecued Buzzard Wings and 5 bottles of Junglevine Wine to Captain Smotts' Lifeboat.$B$BKill Negolash, and bring Smotts' Cutlass to Captain Smotts in Stranglethorn.","You got my cutlass from Negolash! I can't believe my fortune, $N! Meeting you has turned my luck to the better, make no mistake there!$B$BThank you! And if I ever get a new ship and you're looking to sail the seas, you would be my honored guest.","","","","",""
619,"Enticing Negolash","","","You pile food and drink upon the raft...","","","","",""
621,"Zanzil's Secret","Zanzil the Outcast dwells with his followers in the Jubuwai and Aboraz Ruins, northeast of Booty Bay.  He is exiled from his tribe.  Why? Well...$B$BZanzil has methods of bending the minds of others, and his leaders fear him.  He uses a mixture of jungle plants on his followers to suppress their will and strengthen their bodies.$B$BHis mixture would be worth much to those who wish to control others.$B$BBring me samples of his mixture, and I will find a use for them.","Bring 12 samples of Zanzil's Mixture to Crank Fizzlebub in Booty Bay.","Ah, very good!  Here is your pay.$B$BAnd here is a little something extra... for your discretion.","","","","",""
622,"Return to Corporal Kaleb","While you were gone I fixed the pot you brought me.  I even added an extra steam whistle, and look!  There's a new chopper at the bottom that'll cut through leg bones!$B$BYes yes, Krazek's Crock Pot is a 100% cook pleaser!  I'm sure its owner will be satisfied.","Bring Krazek's Fixed Pot to Corporal Kaleb at the Rebel Camp.","It's fixed! This is great, now I can get dinner started! Thanks so much, $N.$B$BI hope you were okay in Booty Bay. That place can get pretty rough, and... I heard rumors that the goblins will sometimes drag drunk sailors to their slave boats and take them to who-knows-where... to do who-knows-what...","","","","",""
623,"Akiris by the Bundle","$N, since I have you here, I got a message from Groy while you were gone. He mentioned bein' satisfied with the last shipment that arrived and has a client that wants some more of the stuff right away.$B$BI won't be headin' to Theramore for a week, but if you're willin' to make the journey, there's no reason you can't take the stuff for me.$B$BFeeling adventurous? You do know where Dustwallow Marsh is, doncha? I'd be careful though, Theramore can be dangerous if you're the wrong kind of crowd.","Bring a Bundle of Akiris Reeds to Privateer Groy in Theramore.","What?! I got a lot better things to do then talk to the likes of you, $C. Make it worth my while or get outta my face.$B$BHuh? Bloads sent ya, huh? Well, whaddaya got for me?$B$B<Privateer Groy looks over the bundle carefully.>$B$BNot bad, not bad at all. Another bundle will make my client quite happy.$B$BI suppose yer next question's gonna be about money, huh, $C? Of course it is!$B$BHere, take this coin and some advice: get off my docks.","","","","",""
624,"Cortello's Riddle","There is an ornate, well-traveled bridge$bEast of Deadwind and south of Redridge$bUnderneath there waits something for you$bSome call it a hint, others a clue$bThere it will lie for endless tomorrows$bBiding its time in the Swamp of Sorrows","Solve the riddle!","The soggy parchment contains the next clue....","","","","",""
625,"Cortello's Riddle","A far off land in Kalimdor awaits$bWhere peril has dashed hopes and fates$bEast of Barrens the weather is harsh$bGloom and danger pock Dustwallow Marsh$bBut there lies a clue for those up to the test$bWaiting to be found in a cave in the southwest","Solve the riddle!","You find a musty scroll.","","","","",""
626,"Cortello's Riddle","To Lordaeron! The great land of turmoil$bWhere brave soldiers with death do toil$bFind your way through the great unrest$bThere you will find the end to this quest$bAlong the coast of the Hinterlands, at the base of the great falls$bUnderneath the water there does your treasure call!","Solve the riddle!","You open the chest to discover....","","","","",""
627,"Favor for Krazek","There is a mountain cave in Drywhisker Gorge, far to the north in the Arathi Highlands.  In that cave is rare ore: bloodstone.  The bloodstone in this cave is not of the highest grade, but even low-quality bloodstone is valuable... to those with the knowledge to use it.$B$BI would like some.$B$BI will fix your crock pot, but while I work on it... bring me samples of bloodstone.  Bring me enough, and I'll even give you a bonus.$B$BOh, and if you don't have the skill to mine it... find someone who does!","Bring 4 loads of Lesser Bloodstone Ore to Krazek in Booty Bay.","Ah, splendid! That was a big favor you did for me.$B$BHere is your payment...","","","","",""
628,"Excelsior","With the inside finished, all that's left is to add the outer layer. For this, I use only the best elder croc skins. They are more durable and a better canvas--if you will--for adding the designs and accents that make Drizzlik's Excelsior line.$b$bIt's hard to find that perfect skin though, the only one that fits my plan is the skin of an elder saltwater crocolisk. The elders only come out to defend the other saltwater crocs, so you might need to kill a few to draw one out.","Bring an Elder Crocolisk Skin to Drizzlik in Booty Bay.","Great! Thanks to your help I'll have this order filled and sent off to Director Riddlevox on the next boat to Undermine. Ahead of schedule, even!$b$bFor all your hard work, here, I made some extras, so take a pair. It's on Drizzlik.$b$bAnd remember, there's no boot so fine as one of Drizzlik's Excelsior line!","","","","",""
629,"The Vile Reef","Long ago, a great shudder of the earth sunk an old troll city beneath the waters of the Savage Coast to the northwest.  We call that place the Vile Reef, for murlocs now reside in the ruins of the city, attacking any who draw close.$B$BThere is an old tablet among those ruins that tells the ancient tale of Gri'lek, a hero of troll legends.  The tale is sacred to the Darkspear tribe, and although the tablet is too large to move, I want a shard of it to enshrine in our new home in Orgrimmar.","Bring a Tablet Shard to Kin'weelay at the Grom'gol Base Camp.","This is good.  When I return to Orgrimmar I will place this shard in a sacred place.  It will remind us of the might and honor of Gri'lek.$B$BThank you, $N.  Your deeds mark a growing friendship with the Darkspear tribe.","","","","",""
630,"Message in a Bottle","$N, I put my faith in you and anyone you can muster to help free me. The great Skymane King Mukla is my captor. He commands the beasts of this island, and they keep me here against my will with the aid of this chain. If you can slay him and find the key to this shackle, I shall be indebted to you greatly.$B$BI often hear him to the southeast side of the island, but please be careful: he is not to be trifled with.","Slay King Mukla and return to Princess Poobah with the Key to free her.","$N, you have saved me from a great dishonor. If it was within my power, I would offer you a place among my tribe. But for now, all I can only offer you is this token for the courage and nobility you have shown.","","","","",""
631,"The Thandol Span","A tremendous explosion roared through the hills.  'Twas horrible, I tell you!$b$bGood soldiers died defending the Thandol Span.  Longbraid says we'll take revenge on the Dark Irons before all is said and done.$b$bWe're in a world of hurt though and I don't see any reinforcements in sight.  Longbraid sent Ol' Rustlocke to scout the eastern bridge to see if we could secure it.$b$bThat was days ago.  We haven't the manpower to search for him with Dun Modr under siege.$b$bPerhaps you can find him...","Rhag Garmason wants you to locate Ol' Rustlocke.","You search the tiny, dwarven corpse. Engraved into the helmet you can clearly read: Ebenezer Rustlocke.","","","","",""
632,"The Thandol Span","It seems as though poor Ol' Rustlocke ran into a Dark Iron ambush.  You notice a parchment next to his clenched fist.$b$bReport the grim news to Rhag Garmason and show him what you found.","Report back to Rhag Garmason and show him the parchment you found on Rustlocke's corpse.","Oh my, the news is grave....","","","","",""
633,"The Thandol Span","Heavens no!  Poor Rustlocke.  'Tis quite a tragedy indeed.$b$bWe must not let his death pass in vain.  This parchment you discovered indicates that Kam Deepfury, the mastermind behind the original attack, arranged for a cache of explosives to be stashed just across the Thandol Span, in Arathi Highlands.$b$bIf those explosives make it to the bridge, our major supply line to the north will be severed!  The cache must be destroyed, $n!  Return to me when your mission is complete.$b$bYou're our only hope.","Destroy the cache of explosives.","The remaining bridge is saved! You have done a great service to King Magni and the people of Khaz Modan.$B$BNow if we can only hold out long enough for reinforcements to show...","","Cache of Explosives Destroyed","","",""
634,"Plea To The Alliance","I ask of you one more small favor, $c.  We await the reserves of Ironforge.  However, Roggo has knowledge of an Alliance camp to the north in Arathi Highlands at Refuge Pointe.$b$bTravel there and seek out Captain Nials.  Ask the good Captain if the Alliance can spare some soldiers to help us reclaim Dun Modr and the Thandol Span.","Seek out Captain Nials at Refuge Pointe.","My condolences go out to Longbraid and his brave soldiers. The news of the Thandol Span tragedy and the fall of Dun Modr hangs heavy in my heart.$b$bBut Stromgarde has fallen! Hence our presence here at Refuge Pointe. We are faced with retaking our own great city.$b$bHonor and duty require that we do not leave the Highlands until Stromgarde raises the mighty banner of the King once again. I will send word to Longbraid that he is on his own...","","","","",""
635,"Crystal in the Mountains","This shard pulses as you hold it...$B$BYou feel a sense of pleading coming from the shard, as if someone is trying to communicate, someone who desperately needs your help.$B$BA vision appears in your mind - of the northern mountains of Arathi, and of a brilliant crystal jutting from the earth there.$B$BYou feel drawn to that place.","Find the crystal from your vision.","This crystal pulses, as if a living force is trapped within it.","","","","",""
636,"Legends of the Earth <NYI>","This book tells the tale of an elemental princess, Myzrael, and of her imprisonment deep underneath the Arathi Highlands.$B$BIt also tells of a secret outcropping of crystals in the highlands.  These crystals, the Shards of Myzrael, are a window to the princess' prison.$B$BIf a brave soul found the Shards of Myzrael, the perhaps $ghe:she; could speak with her...","Find the Shards of Myzrael.",\N,"","","","",""
637,"Sully Balloo's Letter","The waterlogged and war-torn envelope dissolves in your hands, leaving you with a few pages of a letter in your grasp, written with painstaking care.$b$bThe letter is addressed to a Mrs. Sara Balloo of Ironforge and begins, \"My dear Sara....\"","Deliver Sully Balloo's Letter to Sara Balloo.","You say you saw my Sully pinned beneath the icy waters? Say it isn't so!$B$BLet me read what he wrote....","","","","",""
638,"Trollbane","With Thoras Trollbane dead and Stromgarde in ruins, Vol'jin has instructed that we make every effort to spirit the legendary sword Trol'kalar from the humans' hands, so that we might use it in our coming battles against the trolls of Zul'Gurub.$b$bZengu, one of our seasoned hunters, was dispatched to Hammerfall in northeastern Arathi Highlands to oversee its procurement.","Travel to Hammerfall in the Arathi Highlands and speak with Zengu.","How you doing, $c? The task set before us by Vol'jin will be a difficult one, and any assistance you might provide will be appreciated and necessary.","","","","",""
639,"Sigil of Strom","In ancient times, trolls fought against the Arathorian Empire and our most capable adversary, Lord Ignaeus of Strom, named Trollbane. He rode into battle wielding Trol'kalar--troll slayer, in their ancient tongue.$b$bBut now the sons of Trollbane are weakened, their stronghold brought to ruin.$b$bThe sword is protected by several sigils that were divided among the survivors of Stromgarde, and we must retrieve them.$b$bThe first was taken by the Syndicate, one of their men in Stromgarde should have it.","Get the Sigil of Strom for Zengu in Hammerfall.","Excellent, mon. That's a good start to collecting the sigils we'll need to remove Trol'kalar from Trollbane's tomb.","","","","",""
640,"The Broken Sigil","Thoras Trollbane's tomb is protected by three sigils--the first of which you retrieved from the Syndicate. The other two will be harder to get, as they're held by the firmly entrenched Stromgarde militia.$b$bThe sigil of Thoradin was divided into eleven pieces by Thoras' son, Galen, and dispersed among the Stromgarde defenders. Retrieve the pieces and bring them to Tor'gan, the troll shaman, he will be able to bind them into the complete sigil.","Retrieve the 11 Sigil Fragments from the defenders in Stromgarde, and bring them to Tor'gan in Hammerfall.","Ah, you need me to reconstruct this sigil? It shouldn't be too difficult... all the pieces seem to be here and the magical structure will be easy to reform.$b$bYou might want to close your eyes.","","","","",""
641,"Sigil of Thoradin","The reconstruction worked flawlessly. The sigil can now be used to unlock the seal on Trollbane's tomb. Return it to Zengu, no doubt he has additional tasks for you to complete.","Bring the restored Sigil of Thoradin to Zengu in Hammerfall.","We're halfway to being able to remove Trol'kalar from Trollbane's tomb. We are not exactly sure where the third sigil is, as its holders seem to move around Arathi quite a bit, but I have faith that you'll be able to find it.","","","","",""
642,"The Princess Trapped","My name is Myzrael.  I am a princess of the earth, and my captors, the giants, have trapped me deep beneath the Arathi Highlands.  These crystal shards are the only way I can speak with the surface world.$B$BPlease help me.  Allies of the giants, the Drywhisker Kobolds, have a shard like this one in their Drywhisker Gorge, to the east.  To power the cluster, you must gather Motes of Myzrael from the kobolds and apply them to it.$B$BI beg you, $N, aid me!","Gather 12 Motes of Myzrael, then bring them to the Iridescent Shards in Drywhisker Gorge.","Ah!  You activated these shards.  Already I feel more myself!$B$BBut alas, I am still far from free...","","","","",""
643,"Sigil of Arathor","Though they can barely be said to control Stromgarde, let alone the whole of Arathi Highlands, the human prince trots the remnants of his cavalry over the countryside. I can't understand why he does it, but who understands the way the humans think, hm?$b$bWhatever his reasoning, more importantly, he has given one of the sigils to Lieutenant Valorcall, their cavalry leader. Locate him and bring his sigil back to me.","Retrieve the Sigil of Arathor and return it to Zengu in Hammerfall.","Losing their cavalry leader will prove a large blow to the Stromgarde defenders. Better yet, it means that we are only one sigil from being able to have Trol'kalar for ourselves.","","","","",""
644,"Sigil of Trollbane","The final of the sigils needed to unlock the tomb of Thoras Trollbane is held by his son personally. He resides deep within Stromgarde, in a chapel in the militia-held districts. Prince Galen is well protected and no slouch of a warrior himself, so this task could prove most difficult.","Kill Prince Galen Trollbane and bring the Sigil of Trollbane to Zengu in Hammerfall.","Quite a day this is, $C. The blood of Trollbane will no longer haunt my people, and the sigils needed to take Trol'kalar are in our possession. Soon, very soon, we will strike against the hated trolls of Zul'Gurub.","","","","",""
645,"Trol'kalar","What's this? With the four sigils brought together, they have formed together to create one sigil. There can be no doubt that this will be able to break the wardings placed upon Trollbane's tomb.$b$bTrollbane's remains are entombed in the Sanctum behind the chapel in Stromgarde. Retrieve Trol'kalar.","Retrieve Trol'kalar from Trollbane's tomb in Stromgarde.","Matching the lines on the face of Trollbane's tomb with the glowing lines of the Sigil of Ignaeus, a flash of light consumes the Sigil, and the legendary sword Trol'kalar is released from the stone hands' grip.","","","","",""
646,"Trol'kalar","The light slowly fades, the sword Trol'kalar, held within a stone sheath has been released.","Deliver Trol'kalar to Zengu in Hammerfall.","For generations, the forces of Strom and Arathor ravaged the trolls. Now their greatest weapon is in our hands. Our inching progress in the steamy forests of Zul'Gurub will be no more.$b$bYour assistance has been great, $N, and the Darkspear trolls are indebted to you.$b$bI will be sure that the sword is delivered to Nimboya at Grom'gol.","","","","",""
647,"MacKreel's Moonshine","Had quite a bit of the ol' Moonshine last night!  Longbraid would have my head if he knew that I passed out during my watch.$b$bThe noggin hurts something fierce.  Felt as though a whole brigade of siege engines passed overhead, all that rumbling.$b$bOh my, look at the time! I promised Brewmeister Bilger in Southshore that I'd repay my debt to him by sending some Moonshine.$b$bBut there are just 15 minutes left before I'm overdue!  Take him this batch, would you please?  And hurry!","Take MacKreel's Moonshine to Brewmeister Bilger in Southshore.","Ah, nothing like Foggy MacKreel's Moonshine to warm you up on a brisk day! And here I was thinking the little bugger was going to be overdue on his bills again. Thank you, friend! Many thanks indeed!","","","","",""
648,"Rescue OOX-17/TN!","The gnome's voice crackles once again from the robot:$B$B\"I need to move OOX-17/TN to an open, safe place so it can begin a lengthy take-off procedure.  It has built-in cloaking, but I need time on my end to make it operational again.  I need you to escort the robot from its current location to, let's say, Steamwheedle Port!  That should be a perfect place, and long enough, to get things on line!\"$B$B\"Escort it safely to the port, and then come talk to me in Booty Bay!  Oglethorpe Obnoticus - out!\"","Escort OOX-17/TN to Steamwheedle Port, then report to Oglethorpe Obnoticus in Booty Bay.","Oh, YOU'RE the great savior of OOX-17/TN!  I cannot even begin to express my thanks for your assistance!  My homing robot series needs more developing, but your recovery has saved me countless hours of rebuilding time, as well as many gold pieces in rebinding costs!$B$BPlease, take your choice of any of these items I have.  Hopefully, you will make good use of one of them.  Thank you again for your generous assistance, my robots and I are in your debt!","Escort OOX-17/TN to Steamwheedle Port","","","",""
649,"Ripple Recovery","I've got some salvage work for you, and if you're an aficionado of fine ripple like I am, then you'll love this task.  Ripple!$B$BIt's a drink, you dummy.$B$BAn abandoned Horde outpost has a stash of Hinterlands Honey Ripple from when they were in business.  You can't get fine ripple like that anymore!  One of Malton's dummy associates knows the shot, so you'll go out there and bring me a case of packaged ripple, and two for my own collection!  Talk to Malton, he'll fill you in on the details.","Talk to Malton Droffers in Orgrimmar.","Oh yeah, about the ripple dad wants!  He wants to sell the ripple to a tavern here in Orgrimmar, but we'll get more money if it is in its original packaging.  I know someone who can do that, and he's in the Hinterlands where the ripple is.  But he's, um, a high elf.$B$BWell, he's a good high elf, as he's not a part of the Alliance.  Well, he's not so much a good high elf as he is a drunken high elf.  He loves, and I mean LOVES the hooch.","","","","",""
650,"Ripple Recovery","The elf you will need to talk to is Gilveradin Sunchaser.  He can name any wine, vintage and all, just by smell alone!  He can package up the ripple we need, so you'll need to talk with him.  We need six bottles for packaging, two for dad, and how ever many he'll want... and believe me, he'll want some.  When you've packaged the ripple and got dad's two bottles, come back here!$B$BGilveradin's camp is near some high elf lodge in the Hinterlands, and those high elves are not good.  Trust me.","Talk to Gilveradin Sunchaser; his camp is located in the Hinterlands.","Ah, so you know Malton?  He is an old drinking companion of mine.  You see, I have found something that transcends the boundaries of artificial treaties and alliances - alcohol.  Were we all to slake our thirsts on its blissful qualities, we all would be in a much better place spiritually.$B$BAlas, something tells me that your visit here is not to learn of alcohol's redeeming values, now is it.","","","","",""
651,"Stones of Binding","Four Stones of Binding are scattered throughout Arathi.  These stones keep me pinned beneath the earth.$B$BTo unlock them you must unlock the strongest: the Stone of Inner Binding.  And to do that, you must gather keys from the other three.$B$BThese stones are watched by guardians, but if you are clever, or lucky, you may find ways to banish them.","Gather the Burning Key, the Cresting Key and the Thundering Key from the Stone of West Binding, the Stone of East Binding and the Stone of Outer Binding.$B$BBring them to the Stone of Inner Binding.","<Myzrael speaks through the stone.>$B$BYou have done it!  You opened the Stones of Binding!  I can feel the shackles about me loosen, and freedom draws ever closer.$B$BYou are a noble $c, $N.  My rescuer!","","","","",""
652,"Breaking the Keystone","Opening the Stones of Binding loosened much of my confinement, but a lock still holds me chained.  It is the Keystone you see among this circle of stones.  And the key is held by one of my captors, the stone watcher Fozruk.$B$BYou must obtain that key, which the stone watchers call the Rod of Order, from Fozruk and use it to open the Keystone.$B$B$N, you have done so much to aid me.  Just a little more...and my gratitude will shake the very foundations of the earth!","Find and kill Fozruk.  Bring the Rod of Order to the Keystone in the Arathi Highlands.","You place the rod in the keystone. And a shudder is felt beneath you...","","","","",""
653,"Myzrael's Allies","<Myzrael speaks.>$B$BFree!  I AM FREE!  I am free to gather strength, hidden from my captors.  For if they faced me now they would surely overpower and again imprison me.$B$BBut in time I will confront the giants, and they will regret their wardship of me!$B$BYou are a noble ally, $N.  I will need your help again in time.  When I am ready, I will need you to summon me to the surface.$B$BSpeak with Gerrig Bonegrip.  He is in Ironforge, in a shop of the Forlorn Cavern.  He knows how I can be summoned.","Speak with Gerrig Bonegrip in the Forlorn Cavern of Ironforge.","The Lady told me of your coming, $C. You are welcome in my abode for you, like I, serve a higher cause.","","","","",""
654,"Tanaris Field Sampling","Activating the power source makes the field testing kit start to glow and vibrate.  It would seem to be working as planned.$B$BAccording to Chief Engineer Bilgewhizzle, you now have two hours to collect the data you need in the Tanaris desert.  If you do not collect it within two hours, all the data will be lost and you will need to buy another power source from him.$B$BReturn to him when you have completed the task.","Acquire acceptable samples for 8 basilisks, 8 hyenas, and 8 scorpions.  Bring the testing kit back to Chief Engineer Bilgewhizzle in Gadgetzan before the power source runs out.","All right then, it will take me just a second to remove the power source.  After that, you can do with it whatever you like now without having to worry about losing the data inside.","","","","",""
655,"Hammerfall","It is still clear to me, like yesterday... So many years without hope, with wood and steel to bind me to this terrible place. Then finally, finally! There was the Warchief. Doomhammer in his midnight plate, his warhammer held high.$b$bIt was... too terrible... That the blow of a coward would strike down our greatest hero. From behind he charged on his horse, and then his lance ran him through... I fell to my knees. What hope was there? What hope is there...","Speak with Tor'gan in Hammerfall.","Ah, Gor'mul you speak of. Yes, from what he says, it seems he has never recovered from the death of Doomhammer.$b$bGor'mul was a captive here when Thrall and Orgrim fought to free the camp, but as the earth shook and our brethren escaped, he was left behind. He wandered alone and lost for years without direction or hope, until we returned to establish ourselves here in Hammerfall.","","","","",""
656,"Summoning the Princess","You must defeat Myzrael before she grows in strength.  If you do not, then once she has gathered enough power she will challenge her captors!  There are some who think they can control her, but if she can be controlled then why did the giants chain her in the first place??$B$BCrazy logic, eh?$B$BTo defeat her, summon her at the Shards of Myzrael where you first spoke with her.  Defeat her and gather her Eldritch Shackles, then bind them to the Shards of Myzrael.$B$BDo that, and she will again be trapped.","Go to the Shards of Myzrael, summon her and defeat her.$B$BGather her Eldritch Shackles and bind them to the Shards of Myzrael.","As the eldritch shackles are placed around the Shards, an unhuman wail is heard from far below. The scream is followed by a roar.$b$bThe Shards of Myzrael no longer invoke feelings of warmth and security as they once did. Now they pulse with an open menace... as if the thing beneath them holds ill will toward the surface.","","","","",""
657,"Hints of a New Plague?","<Quae begins to go through the folder.>$B$BThis IS interesting. Seems Apothecary Jorell has been working on some deadly experiments here at Go'Shek. Not sure what that has to do with Hillsbrad, but Phin wouldn't like it if we let it continue.$B$BWe had a run-in with some orcs while you were gone, and I'm not in good enough shape to help Kinelory. If you're up for it, she's going to need some protection when she goes down to the farm to steal whatever research Jorell still hasn't sent to Tarren Mill.","Speak to Kinelory.","If it brings Phin peace, I'll destroy every single one of the Forsaken personally. He's done so much for us since the plague. We never thought we'd find friends or family again.$B$BWhen you're prepared, come let me know. We'll get started right away.","","","","",""
658,"Hints of a New Plague?","So, Phin sent you to check on us? Not surprised--he worries too much.$B$BWe've been watching the farm for days, and Kin claims she saw a courier come out of that small house to the south not long ago.$B$BShe talks a lot, but I can always trust her senses when we're in dangerous areas.$B$BYou wouldn't happen to be a skilled tracker, would you? We think the courier might be carrying notes to Tarren Mill. If we could get our hands on those documents, it might shed some light on what's happening in Hillsbrad.","Find the Forsaken Courier and bring back her Sealed Folder to Quae near the Go'Shek Farm.","Excellent!$B$BLet's see what this is about...","","","","",""
659,"Hints of a New Plague?","Hail, and well met, $N. I lead a group of adventurers investigating odd happenings in this area.$B$BMy cousin in Hillsbrad recently put down his dog Stanley because the animal mystically grew to an immense size and savagely attacked anyone who came near him.$B$BI believe the undead are involved, and we're looking for signs to prove as much.$B$BTwo of my companions, Quae and Kinelory, headed to the Go'Shek Farm in the Arathi Highlands, and haven't checked in for days. Find them for me? I grow concerned.","Find Quae and Kinelory near the Go'Shek Farm in the Arathi Highlands.","Try and stay as quiet as possible, traveler.$B$BOrcs don't take too well to being spied on, and there is more to this farm than meets the eye.","","","","",""
660,"Hints of a New Plague?","All right, $N. I'm ready if you are.$B$BShall we?","Protect Kinelory until she returns to Quae.","You've done a great service for us, $N. Thank you.$B$BI hope Kin wasn't too much of a handful down there. She's very friendly, but can be just as deadly when you're her enemy.","Protect Kinelory","","","",""
661,"Hints of a New Plague?","I've seen Kinelory look way worse after a night in the tavern than she does now. You obviously did a good job protecting her.$B$BThese items she brought back from the farm should at least let Phin get an idea of what's going on out here in Arathi. Just to make sure there's no retaliation after your attack, we're going to stay here for a bit longer. Would you be willing to head back to Southshore and talk to Phin?","Find Phin Odelic in Southshore.","So, the two troublemakers are all right after all? Haha, I'm glad to hear it. I thank you for bringing me news of their whereabouts and status--it pleases me greatly that they are still alive; the two of them are irreplaceable as friends and traveling companions.$B$BBut... it's more important I thank you properly for your help. Here. Take this along with my group's thanks.$B$BWith any luck, we'll figure out what the Forsaken are up to, and put an end to it.","","","","",""
662,"Deep Sea Salvage","O'Breen led the ships into the cove.  We were certain this is where the treasure could be found.  The Harbinger docked safely but as the Maiden's Folly and Spirit of Silverpine approached the tides began to lower.  Strangest thing I've ever seen!$b$bThose two ships ran aground into something... some sort of temple in the reef.  They sank so quickly, was quite a tragedy.$b$bWe need to retrieve their Logs as well as their Charts before we leave.  We can't leave that information behind for prying eyes!","First Mate Nilzlix wants you to retrieve the Charts and Logs from the Maiden's Folly and the Spirit of Silverpine.","Knowing this information is secure will bring some ease to the command in Booty Bay.  Well done, $n.","","","","",""
663,"Land Ho!","Lolo sees a tiny $r! Always on the lookout, Lolo is!$b$bWelcome to Faldir's Cove.  Captain O'Breen said we'd only be here for a few hours.  Just long enough to gather the treasure and get back to Booty Bay.$b$bBut Lolo thinks we're going to be here a lot longer than that.  We lost the other two ships from our formation.  Poor Spirit of Silverpine and Maiden's Folly.  On the bottom of the sea they rest now!$b$bLolo suggests you talk to Captain O'Breen if you plan on sticking around here.","Talk to Captain O'Breen in Faldir's Cove.","Ahoy, matey.$b$b'Twas a horrible mess. Seahorn will have my ship if he finds out what went down.$b$bOne of the Professor's contraptions indicated the lost treasure was near this cove. I brought the Harbinger in to dock and signaled for the Spirit of Silverpine and Maiden's Folly to follow suit.$b$bThen the sea rumbled. The tides lowered and the two ships crashed into the reef.$b$bIt's not just a reef. Something's down there....$b$bHelp my crew out and you'll be rewarded handsomely.","","","","",""
664,"Drowned Sorrows","Argh, 'tis a horrible life. I should be in a watery grave right now, not sittin' here by the fire, breathin' fresh air.$b$bThe crew tried so hard to save my beautiful Maiden's Folly. Bless the boys, bless their hearts.$b$bO'Breen made it to shore safely but we weren't so lucky. The seas just sank on us, I swear.$b$bOne second we're afloat and the next water is rushin' in. And those beasts! Killed all the survivors. Horrible naga scum. I went black and ended up here, saved.$b$bI want those beasts dead.","Captain Steelgut in Faldir's Cove wants you to kill 10 Daggerspine Raiders and 3 Daggerspine Sorceresses.","Nice work out there, $n.$b$bThose scum deserved what they got. While nothin' will ever bring me ship or me crew back, the death of those naga gives me some solace.","","","","",""
665,"Sunken Treasure","Now that we are full-fledged Blackwater Raiders it is our job to help Mr. O'Breen locate the lost elven treasure.$b$bIt is next to impossible to find the gems in the dark sea without aid. The doctor has constructed some goggles that will help. He needs the goggles charged with the energy derived from the enchanted stone in the cave just up the hill.$b$bBut the cave is cursed! When we get close, we get ambushed. Defend me and I can harness the energy from the stone into the goggles.","Escort Professor Phizzlethorpe to the cave and back.","The goggles work perfectly now! Well done, $n.","Defend Professor Phizzlethorpe","","","",""
666,"Sunken Treasure","The treasure has been on the sea floor so long that the gems have calcified into thick stone. But the power harnessed in these goggles will allow you to locate them easily.$b$bA little gnomish ingenuity goes a long way!$b$bSo borrow the Goggles of Gem Hunting, $n, and see if you can collect some of the lost treasure for Captain O'Breen.$b$bI'd swim down there myself but...um...well, I have important scientific business to tend to up on the safe, dry land....er, yeah.","Doctor Draxlegauge in Faldir's Cove wants you to collect 10 Elven Gems and return the Goggles of Gem Hunting once you are done.","Most superb, $n! The Captain will be very pleased! And just wait until word gets back to Fleetmaster Seahorn!","","","","",""
667,"Death From Below","This is bad. It seems the Daggerspines are amassing for an attack.$b$bNaga are known for their ruthlessness in battle. They will keep attacking until I am dead.$b$bI don't value my own life above that of my crew members, but you must help to defend me. The crew will not be able to make it back to Booty Bay without my knowledge of the seas.$b$bThe naga will be coming from the sea. I need you to remain up here with me to fend off the attack. Man the cannon and drive them back.$b$bAre you ready, $n?","Protect Shakes O'Breen during the attack.","We survived the attack!$b$bWe could not have done it without you, $N.$b$bWe'll be heading out as soon as the tide rises. If you weren't such a promising hero I'd offer you a place on my crew. But I can tell you have bigger fish to fry.$b$bEven if you are a puny troll....","Defend Shakes O'Breen","","","",""
668,"Sunken Treasure","Let's not leave Captain O'Breen waiting. He'll want to see these gems first hand. After all, that's why we're here!$b$bAnd after a few weeks of consorting with these pirates, the professor and I have realized the last thing that's good for our health is to be caught hanging on to their treasure.$b$bHere, $n, take these to O'Breen.","Take the Elven Gems to Captain O'Breen.","So the little gnomes proved their worth after all? I knew we kept those ankle biters around for a reason!","","","","",""
669,"Sunken Treasure","Fleet Master Seahorn will want to hear about our find at once.$b$bBut as you can see, we're not in much of a position to get out of here. Not only is the tide too low, but those damned creatures we disrupted are keeping a close eye on our movements.$b$bYou can be of great service to the Blackwater Raiders if you can get word to Fleet Master Seahorn in Booty Bay that we discovered the treasure and are working on extracting more.  Take him this sample as proof.","Take the Sample Elven Gem to Fleet Master Seahorn in Booty Bay.","Ah, leave it to good old Shakes O'Breen! I knew that he was the right Captain for the mission!","","","","",""
670,"Sunken Treasure","Say, $n, you seem to be an adventurous type. My fleet is stuck in Booty Bay until we can restock.$b$bThere are some heavy things brewing here and abroad and I need to get some top secret correspondence to Shakes O'Breen who is tied up off the Arathi coast.$b$bCan I trust you to deliver this message safely and in confidence?","Deliver Seahorn's Letter to Shakes O'Breen in Arathi Highlands.","Thank you for making such a long and perilous journey. You have the gratitude of the Blackwater Raiders.","","","","",""
671,"Foul Magics","I have felt a strangeness in the air... a feeling that simmers in my blood. I had my suspicions. I set off to find the source of my unease and discovered to the west, at Northfold Manor, the residual traces of demonic summoning. As I got close, my blood began to boil and the rage within me grew.$b$bOn the ground I spied an amulet of bloodstone, used to assist in demonic summoning. The one I found was depleted, however. I'll need another to examine, but I dare not return to the manor. Can you bring me some?","Get 10 Bloodstone Amulets for Tor'gan in Hammerfall.","It will take some time for me to ascertain the true intentions of the Syndicate, but their obvious association with dark, demonic magic troubles me. I will tell you when I know more.","","","","",""
672,"Raising Spirits","We tried to settle him in, cheer him up, telling him stories of our mighty city at Orgrimmar in Kalimdor, but nothing would move him.$b$bTales of our young Warchief, Thrall, who bears the armor and hammer of Orgrim... but, perhaps... Perhaps! A demonstration of our newly found shamanistic magic would give him new hope. It is worth a try!$b$bA small object we could make for him, yes... Bring me some raptor eyes, and I will see what I can do.","Acquire 10 Highland Raptor Eyes from Highland Striders and Highland Thrashers for Tor'gan in Hammerfall.","Excellent. The spirits of the raptors that gave these eyes will lend strength to the bearer of this amulet.","","","","",""
673,"Foul Magics","There is no doubt in my mind that a powerful warlock resides within the walls of Stromgarde. From time to time, using an arcane magical relic, this warlock has summoned forth terrible demons in large numbers. We must remove the source of his energy.$b$bFind the warlock and kill him. Bring me whatever magical object you find on his person, and I will take steps to destroy it and see that its power is not used to taint this land any longer.","Retrieve Marez Cowl's Bloodstone Orb and bring it to Tor'gan in Hammerfall.","My restless nights will turn to peaceful slumber when I have destroyed this orb. Thank you, $N. It is a chilling reminder of the terrible power the demons held over the orcs before Hellscream released them from their curse.","","","","",""
674,"Raising Spirits","Here, take this amulet to Gor'mul, and see if the raptors' strength can awaken the flame of the warrior that once burned through his veins.","Give the Raptor Talon Amulet to Gor'mul.","What is this? Polished bone. What use have I for polished bone? Will a trinket restore the Horde to its glory?","","","","",""
675,"Raising Spirits","<Gor'mul tosses the amulet into the ground.>$b$bTor'gan sent you, didn't he? Pah! Why he feels some mercy towards me I would not understand. Mercy was denied me when I was not allowed to die with my Warchief in battle. A cruel blow fate has dealt me...","Speak with Tor'gan.","It did not work, I see. Nonetheless, I feel that showing him the power of the shamans will eventually return Gor'mul to his once proud self. The amulet's power was not great enough to show him our newfound power.","","","","",""
676,"The Hammer May Fall","Weaklings... all of them. You, $c, what are you looking at? Think you're something special, huh? Why not prove it?$B$BThe Hammerfall outpost in Arathi's under attack. Unless we send them help soon, their demise is imminent.$B$BBut before you go rushing off, you may want to test your skills first. Northeast of Stromgarde in Arathi is an ogre mound inhabited by the Boulderfist tribe. When you can handle the ogres and enforcers there, then report to Drum Fel in Hammerfall.","Kill 8 Boulderfist Ogres and 10 Boulderfist Enforcers, then find Drum Fel in the Hammerfall outpost in Arathi Highlands.","So, you think you're strong enough to help Hammerfall? So be it.$B$BTallow either sent you to that ogre mound in the hopes that you would kill yourself or he thinks you're strong enough to aid us. Either way, you're here now and I am in need of more soldiers in our fight against the constant attacks.$B$BIf you plan on staying in Hammerfall then get some rest, and come speak to me again when you're ready. There's no shortage of fighting to be had.","","","","",""
677,"Call to Arms","The Witherbark trolls and Boulderfist ogres of Arathi are working together to rid us from this land, but we shall not meet our fates at their, or anyone else's, hand. We will slay them and show them that we, too, have a home here. $B$BThe trolls turned their backs to us; the ogres would use us for food and bedding if we allowed them to--these things shall not be.$B$BWe start our attack on the Witherbark trolls to the south of here. Slay them in droves, and only return when their camps run thick with blood.","Slay 10 Witherbark Axe Throwers, 10 Headhunters and 8 Witch Doctors, and return to Drum Fel in the Hammerfall outpost.","The signs of war are upon your garments, and sweat drips from your brow. Good, very good indeed.","","","","",""
678,"Call to Arms","Your strength is evident, $N. Now to see how you fare against a real enemy.$B$BThe Boulderfists have a lair to the southwest of here towards the dwarven bridge, and, if I'm not mistaken, the maulers and magi there shall present to you a greater challenge--they have done so to us thus far.$B$BSlay as many as you can and come to me in body when you are successful, or come to me in spirit when you fail. I shall give praise to your tenacity in battle either way.","Kill 10 Boulderfist Brutes and 4 Boulderfist Magi, and return to Drum Fel in the Hammerfall outpost.","You are as strong as a kodo, and your lust for battle does your people proud.","","","","",""
679,"Call to Arms","The head of the beast is ready to be taken off... with great force, $N. You have shown every sign that you are able to help us with this final mighty blow. The leaders of these attacks have made their lair within the ruins of Stromgarde, a glaring symbol of human frailty.$B$BFind and slay those Boulderfist lords and their lackey shaman who would try and drive us from these lands.","Kill 15 Boulderfist Shaman and 10 Boulderfist Lords and return to Drum Fel in the Hammerfall outpost.","You do your people proud, $N. The threat has been greatly lessened, and I am sure we will begin to thrive here in the Highlands.","","","","",""
680,"The Real Threat","You serve my husband well, $c, but he does not know why Hammerfall is under attack.$B$BOr'Kalar, Mug'thol's pawn in Stromgarde, has an intense hatred for my husband, and wishes nothing more than my husband's death for defeating him years ago.$B$BMy auguries tell me that Or'Kalar has laid a trap for my husband, so I have hidden signs of the ogre's presence from him.$B$BMy husband will rush off foolishly if he learns of the ogre's whereabouts and I would ask for your help in slaying the creature.","Slay Or'Kalar and bring his Head to Korin Fel in the Hammerfall outpost.","You have done me a great service, $N. Know that my husband's life and the safety of Hammerfall has been protected for another day because of your deeds. Please take this as a reward for your courage.","","","","",""
681,"Northfold Manor","We are fighting a war for Stromgarde, and we are losing.  The ogres, the Syndicate and we have divided our once great city, and each faction battles the other into a bloody stalemate.$B$BBut our forces dwindle while our enemy grows.$B$BWe need help from the town of Southshore, but supplies are difficult to receive while the Syndicate holds territory between us.$B$BGo to the Syndicate base in Northfold Manor and slay them.  Then, perhaps, pressure on our supply trains will lessen and more will get through.","Kill 10 Syndicate Highwaymen and 6 Syndicate Mercenaries.$B$BReturn to Captain Nials at Refuge Pointe.","Very good, $N. With the deaths of those Syndicate members we should have an easier time receiving supplies from Southshore.$b$bPerhaps our cause yet has hope.","","","","",""
682,"Stromgarde Badges","The Syndicate in Stromgarde do battle with our contingent of militia there. In order to urge the rabble to fight our more disciplined troops, the Syndicate leaders have placed a bounty on our soldiers, awarding gold for each Stromgarde Badge gathered off killed militiamen.$B$BWe want those badges retrieved - we cannot allow the cutthroats to take trophies from our brave fallen!$B$BEnter the Syndicate-controlled area of Stromgarde and hunt them for our badges.","Bring Stromgarde Badges to Captain Nials at Refuge Pointe.","Thank you, $N. We will inform the families of these fallen soldiers that they were killed in battle.$b$bIt will be grim news to bear, but it is better than the uncertainty of a missing loved one.","","","","",""
683,"Sara Balloo's Plea","$n, I have but a small request to ask of you.$b$bTake this note I have prepared to our great monarch of Ironforge, King Magni Bronzebeard. 'Tis a small task to ask of one such as yourself, someone who has shown great valor to the cause of the Alliance thus far.$b$bFor me to go before the King in my grief-ridden state would not serve the purpose of my cause.  Surely you understand.","Take Sara Balloo's note to King Magni Bronzebeard of Ironforge.","It will take but a moment for me to peruse this letter...","","","","",""
684,"Wanted!  Marez Cowl","A bounty has been placed on the head of Marez Cowl, a high-level advisor and operative of the Syndicate.  She was last seen within the Syndicate controlled territory of Stromgarde.$B$BBounty may be collected from Captain Nials.$B$BBe warned: Marez is a skilled and cunning Warlock, known for her trafficking with demons.  Extreme caution is advised when hunting her.","Bring Marez's head to Captain Nials at Refuge Pointe.","You took down Marez Cowl? Well done, $N. Well done indeed!$b$bMarez menaced our Stromgarde defenders, and it is rumored she was an emissary between the Syndicate and some other, darker power. We are glad to see she'll longer ply her powers against us.","","","","",""
685,"Wanted!  Otto and Falconcrest","The Stromgarde Militia has placed bounties on the heads of Lord Falconcrest, and his bodyguard Otto.  Falconcrest heads the Syndicate's efforts in the Arathi Highlands, and his death would cause a major disruption in those efforts.$B$BHis bodyguard Otto, although not a strategic target, is a fierce opponent and has killed dozens of our defenders.$B$BTheir bounties may be collected from Captain Nials.","Bring Otto's Head and Falconcrest's Head to Captain Nials at Refuge Pointe.","Falconcrest and Otto?  Wonderful!$B$BHere is your reward, $N.  I am happy to pay it.","","","","",""
686,"A King's Tribute","I do not expect good dwarves like Mrs. Balloo to understand why the travesties of war must be endured for the greater good of our people. The loss of her husband, and the loss of every dwarf that fights in the name of the Alliance, weighs heavy on my soul.$b$bWhile I cannot bring her husband back from the Twisting Nether, I can pay tribute to him.$b$bI am going to commission a memorial to Sully Balloo to be built by Grand Mason Mablesten.$b$bSend word to him now, $c. You shall be custodian of my bidding.","King Magni Bronzebeard wants you to speak with Grand Mason Marblesten.","So King Magni Bronzebeard himself sent ye?$B$BMy, my! This must be important!","","","","",""
687,"Theldurin the Lost","Theldurin the Lost was once a member of our order, the Twilight's Hammer.  But he lost his mind and scorned our teachings.  And before he fled from us, he stole the scroll of Myzrael!  We could not catch him, but rumors say he hides in the Badlands, gibbering and mad.$B$BTo bring the Lady back to us, you must find the scroll.  And to do that, you must find Theldurin.","Find Theldurin the Lost.","Hello. Hello, hello hello hello hello HELLO!$B$BI'm sorry - wait, no I'm not! Don't be rude!$B$BOh no...that was crazy talk.$B$BBut...sometimes being crazy is my only solace.","","","","",""
688,"Myzrael's Allies","<Myzrael speaks.>$B$BFree!  I AM FREE!  I am free to gather strength, hidden from my captors.  For if they faced me now they would surely overpower and again imprison me.$B$BBut in time I will confront the giants, and they will regret their wardship of me!$B$BYou are a noble ally, $N.  I will need your help again in time.  When I am ready, I will need you to summon me to the surface$B$BSpeak with Zaruk in Hammerfall.  He knows how I can be summoned.","Speak with Zaruk in Hammerfall.","Welcome, $C. The Lady has informed me of your coming, and if we are to bring her back to the surface then we have much to discuss...","","","","",""
689,"A King's Tribute","So our good King would like a memorial built in honor of a soldier named Sully Balloo?  And you say the poor chap died during the Thandol Span tragedy?$b$bBah, will there ever be peace on Azeroth?$b$bNonetheless, any commission from the King is of utmost importance. To build a truly epic and lasting piece I want to work with one of the finest stones available. Travel to Darrow Hill in Hillsbrad and gather for me some Alterac Granite.","Grand Mason Marblesten of Ironforge wants 5 pieces of Alterac Granite.","Perfect! Better than I could have imagined!$B$BAnd I have quite an imagination you know...","","","","",""
690,"Malin's Request","Greetings, $N. You have the look of an adventurer about you, and I have a task that needs some tending to.$B$BArchmage Trelane, my original master, fled Stromgarde in the Arathi Highlands not too long ago, and he's asked me to help him in recovering some of the items he left behind.$B$BThe city fell under siege, and he attempted to defend the Tower of Arathor, but to no avail. I have agents in the Highlands already, but they've requested I send more aid. Are you interested?","Find Skuerto at Refuge Pointe in the Arathi Highlands.","So, Malin sent ye? I don't care if Muradin rose up from the dead and whisked ye here on a dragon. I'm busy! Talk to Kryten if you need somethin'.","","","","",""
691,"Worth Its Weight in Gold","Archmage Malin sent Skuerto and I here to collect reagents for him. I was at a loss as to how I was going to collect the items, but now that you're here, I think my problem's solved.$B$BI need the following: Witherbark tusks, Witherbark medicine pouches and a shadow hunter knife.$B$BCould you find those for me? The Witherbark live to the southeast of Arathi.","Find 10 Witherbark Tusks, 4 Witherbark Medicine Pouches and a Shadow Hunter Knife for Apprentice Kryten at Refuge Pointe.","Incredible! I can see why Malin asked you to come join us - very well done indeed!$B$BAt this rate, Skuerto and I will be headed back to Stormwind in no time at all.$B$BI believe my dwarven companion is back from scouting Boulderfist Hall; go speak to him when you're ready.$B$BIt looked as though he might have had a bit of a scuffle with the ogres. Don't mention that to him, though; he's very sensitive about criticisms to his skills at scouting.","","","","",""
692,"The Lost Fragments","The Scroll of Myzrael...the Scroll of Myzrael?!  You don't want that!  Its magic can pull Myzrael to the surface world and if you do that, we are in trouble!$B$BOr...maybe it's too late.  Maybe she already is free.  Maybe she's just gathering strength before unleashing herself upon us.  If so, then you'll NEED the scroll!$B$B...too bad it's destroyed.  Enraged elementals stole it and tore it up and now fight over the fragments.$B$BBut if you can gather those fragments, maybe we can fix it...","Bring the Torn Scroll Fragment, the Crumpled Scroll Fragment and the Singed Scroll Fragment to Theldurin the Lost.","Ah, you found them! Good work, $N! These might be the only chance we have against the evil of Myzrael!$b$bJust let me find my scrap-ratchet and see if I can re-attach these fragments...","","","","",""
693,"Wand over Fist","Hey, $N. Sorry to be so short with ye earlier... and no, that ain't a pun.$B$BI figured out where Trelane's first item ended up: Kor'gresh has it in Boulderfist Hall. An' by the way he was throwing down blasts of ice at his kin to keep them in line, he must be close to figurin' out how to use all of its powers.$B$BBoulderfist Hall's south of here an' then east of Thandol Span. Find the ogre an' get back that wand.$B$BWhile you're gone, I'll figure out what we're gonna do about Stromgarde.","Find Trelane's Wand of Invocation and return it to Skuerto at Refuge Pointe.","Brilliant, $N. One item down an' three more to go, based on my list. The other three items are all in Stromgarde.$B$BTake a rest an' get your strength back--the next phase of my plan'll require a little more time an' effort. Come back to me after you've gotten a warm meal an' some rest.","","","","",""
694,"Trelane's Defenses","All rested?$B$BHere's our next step: there're ogres all around the Tower of Arathor in Stromgarde. We're gonna need to activate the tower's defenses if you're gonna stand a chance against 'em an' still make it to the items alive. To do that, we're gonna need some gems the Boulderfist shaman have taken a liking to. They took 'em from the tower, but they're not gonna stay in their possession for long.$B$BGet one of them gems an' bring 'em to Kryten--he knows the spell to enchant 'em so they'll work as a key.","Find an Azure Agate and bring it to Apprentice Kryten at Refuge Pointe.","You amaze me, $N. Well done again.$B$BGive me a moment to cast the proper spell to enchant the gem, an' you'll be ready.","","","","",""
695,"An Apprentice's Enchantment","Here you are, $N. The gem only needs to be pressed against one of the pedestals near the base of the tower to activate its defenses. Use it when you're ready to enter the tower and find Trelane's remaining items. $B$BGood luck to you. I'll be awaiting your return here at the camp. Oh, and speak to Skuerto before you leave. He'll give you the rest of the details you'll need.","Speak to Skuerto.","Good, good.$b$bIf there are no other delays, how about we get started?","","","","",""
696,"Attack on the Tower","Here's what your lookin' for: Trelane's phylactery, Trelane's orb, an' Trelane's ember agate.$B$BAll three should be in chests within the tower an' you shouldn't have a problem opening the chests on your own; you just have to be careful of the ogres.$B$BThe tower's defenses won't take care of 'em on their own; you'll need to have your weapons at the ready. Those ogres find out you're there and stealing from 'em, an' they'll be sure to put the hurt on you.$B$BBe careful, an' good luck.","Find Trelane's Phylactery, Trelane's Orb, and Trelane's Ember Agate, and return them to Skuerto at Refuge Pointe.","Malin couldn't've asked a worthier person to come here an' aid us, $N. You've done a grand job!$B$BHe'll be pleased to see what an overwhelming success our mission's been.","","","","",""
697,"Malin's Request","Take this letter back to Stormwind and let Malin know that Kryten an' I'll be home soon. He'll reward you well for helping us here, $N, of that I've no doubt.$B$BTravel safely.","Take the Sealed Letter to Archmage Malin in the Mage Quarter of Stormwind.","<Archmage Malin opens the letter, and his eyes grow wide.>$B$BBy the Light, you've done it. How wonderful. Trelane will be so pleased. I'm sure Kryten and Skuerto are just as excited as I am to have them on their way back to Stormwind.$B$BThank you, $N. Please, take this to help you in your journeys.","","","","",""
698,"Lack of Surplus","I'm working on getting some supplies together for our outpost near the beach to the east--Tok'kar does what he can, but between shifts of guard duty and cooking for his soldiers there's not much time left in the day.$B$BThey do enjoy cooking up some sawtooth meat when they can, but I haven't had time to get them another shipment. Would you mind helping them out?$B$BThe young sawtooths aren't as tasty as the older ones, so stay clear of those; give them a year or two to get to full size.","Bring 8 Unprepared Sawtooth Flanks to Tok'Kar in Swamp of Sorrows.","Ah! Wonderful. Fresh meat for the fire tonight. Thank you, $N.$B$BYou've helped make the coming nights more tolerable. The fire burns bright, and our stomachs will be full.$B$BIt's a pleasant surprise to have you bring us a shipment; Dar's not the most attractive orc anyone's laid eyes upon, but at least his attitude reeks far less than his smell.","","","","",""
699,"Lack of Surplus","With the threat of murlocs along the coast, we're stationed out here to protect--or warn if the force is too large--of any coming threats to Stonard. It doesn't give us much time for relaxation, and we could use some more help if you're able.$B$BThe sawtooth snappers' claws make for fine weapons when properly prepared. Bring me some of their claws and I'll see you're rewarded with one of our weapons in thanks for the fresh meat and the good company.","Bring 6 Sawtooth Snapper Claws to Tok'Kar in the Swamp of Sorrows.","Glad to see you're alive and well, $N.$B$BThese claws should make do nicely. The more weapons we have at the ready for attacks against us, the better off we'll be.$B$BI'll get started on your weapon as soon as possible. It will only take a short time. I've become quite adept and quick at their production.","","","","",""
700,"A King's Tribute","Ah, such fine stone comes from Lordaeron.  Such a shame the land is in such shambles.$b$bBut the Memorial came out quite well! I should think the King will be most pleased with it.$b$bNow if you will, please send word to His Majesty that the Memorial is complete as requested. ","Report to King Magni Bronzebeard.","The granite seems but a small token compared to a great dwarf's life. But no dwarf shall last on this planet for eternity.$B$BLet us just hope that the memorial stands as a reminder to those who will trod the great Azeroth of the future. Lest we not forget it is for them that brave soldiers such as Sully Balloo so valiantly gave their lives.","","","","",""
701,"Guile of the Raptor","With some additional objects, I will be able to create an item that will imbue Gor'mul with the guile of the raptor! With the power of the raptor flowing through him, Gor'mul will know our new power and rediscover the warrior that lies dormant!$b$bI will require raptor hearts to fashion the item and spell.","Acquire 12 Raptor Hearts from Highland Fleshstalkers for Tor'gan.","Yes, these will work perfectly. I will transfer their power and the spirit of the raptors into this orb. This orb will imbue Gor'mul with the fiery strength and intelligence of the raptor.","","","","",""
702,"Guile of the Raptor","Take this orb and use its energy to give Gor'mul the essence of the raptor. Surely this will invigorate his spirit and give him new purpose in life. With him returned to normal, we can explain to him the current state of the Horde, and we will have a great warrior's assistance in our unceasing battles.","Give Tor'gan's Orb to Gor'mul.","At least it is something interesting you bring to me this time. A strange power it emits...","","","","",""
703,"Barbecued Buzzard Wings","Oh yes, my barbecued buzzard wings are a favorite!  The sauce is rich and the meat is tangy.  And the smell will bring the hungry running from miles away!$B$BI have everything I need to cook up a batch.  Everything...except the buzzard wings!$B$BIf you want some then get me the buzzard wings.  Bring me enough, and I might even share the recipe with you!","Bring 4 Buzzard Wings to Rigglefuzz.","Ah, I'll get started on those wings right away.  I can almost taste them already!$B$BAnd here's the recipe in case you want to make them yourself!","","","","",""
704,"Agmond's Fate","The last report I received from Agmond is troubling, more so now that he's dead!  He mentioned that his diggers uncovered \"ancient urns\" at the dig site outside Uldaman.  I fear that the urns he found at that site incited the troggs, just as did the idols I found here.$B$BI need you to get those urns for our studies.  Go to the Uldaman site, gather the urns, then return to me.","Bring 4 Carved Stone Urns to Prospector Ironband in Loch Modan.","Well done! With luck and diligence, we will find whatever link exists between the troggs and these ancient artifacts.$B$BYou have done a great deed for the Prospectors, $N. Your efforts will not be forgotten. And neither will Agmond.","","","","",""
705,"Pearl Diving","The Badlands is a harsh place, filled with vicious predators and bold scavengers.  Scary, especially for a short little goblin.  To survive, I have to be tricky!$B$BI know the recipe for flash bombs.  I use those to scare away wildlife.  But I'm running low on one of the ingredients: crushed blue pearl powder.  Get me some and I'll make it worth your efforts.$B$BHeh, and I hope you have good boots on.  The Blue Pearls I need are found from clams at the Vile Reef.$B$BYep, the Vile Reef in Stranglethorn!","Bring 9 Blue Pearls to Rigglefuzz in the Badlands.","These will work great! I just need to smash them into powder...then mix them with a little of this and a little of that.$b$bWatch out, scavengers! Prepare to be flashed!","","","","",""
706,"Fiery Blaze Enchantments","As an apprentice to Feranor Steeltoe, I learned his special technique for imbuing weapons with fiery enchantments. Last I heard of him, he was working at a smithy with a hunting party up in Lordaeron.$b$bI can't tell you too many of the details about the process, but I can tell you it requires blood from a rare, still-beating black drake whelp's heart. I don't have much to do waiting for word from Ironforge. If you bring me a heart from the whelps in Lethlor Ravine, I'll show you my skill!","Acquire a Black Drake's Heart for Sigrun Ironhew.","Ah yes, this will do excellently. This will enable your weapons to strike with searing heat!","","","","",""
707,"Ironband Wants You!","$N.  I received reports from Prospector Ironband at his excavation site in Loch Modan--he needs some legwork done concerning another of our excavations.$B$BI don't have more details than that, but if you want to stretch your legs then go speak with Ironband.","Speak with Prospector Ironband at Ironband's Excavation Site in Loch Modan.","So Stormpike sent you, did he?  Good.$B$BI have a big task for you...","","","","",""
708,"The Black Box","The surface of this metallic black box is heavily pitted, as if it had been immersed in acid - it must have been sitting in the giant condor's stomach for a long time.$B$BTurning the box over, a symbol is found stamped on its bottom.  Below the symbol are the words:$B$B\"Engine #19 - Ironforge Siege Brigade\"","Take the Corroded Black Box to the Hall of Arms in Ironforge.",\N,"","","","",""
709,"Solution to Doom","Oh my!  Oh my!  There is a doom approaching.  Mark me!  A doom!$B$BNo, I cannot speak of it...cannot utter their names or they may hear me!  But if we learn, yes, if we learn more of them...then maybe we can learn how to foil them!$B$BMaybe.$B$BGo into Uldaman.  No!  I said it!  You must find...find the tablet of...Ryun'eh.  Yes, find it!  And don't make me speak that name again!$B$BIt is deep in that place, in an ancient chest.  That's where it hides...in a chest crafted before the works of any dwarf.","Bring the Tablet of Ryun'eh to Theldurin the Lost.","Oh, fortune is with us!  Thank you!  We may yet be saved!","","","","",""
710,"Study of the Elements: Rock","Here in the Badlands I've stopped to work on my latest project: my shackles of elemental binding.$B$BWhen complete, they will allow mages to summon even more powerful elementals for use in even greater capacities. To start things off, I need small stone shards to test some of my newest offensive spells along with a few gizmos I've pieced together.$B$BThe shards are easily collected from the lesser rock elementals to the west of here. Could you bring me some?","Find 10 Small Stone Shards and bring them to Lotwil Veriatus in the Badlands.","These shall do nicely, $N. Thank you. Hmm, a bit more sand than I'd anticipated. Have to adjust the coefficient of friction. No, wait; it should still be negligible with the frost oil.$B$B<Mumbling to himself, Lotwil puts one fist into the palm of his other hand and stares at them as if fascinated.>","","","","",""
711,"Study of the Elements: Rock","$N, you've already proven more able than all my apprentices combined.$B$BThe next parts I need require a little more strength. Large stone slabs can be found on rock elementals if you're careful enough. Their bodies are stronger and larger, and therefore more prone to having pieces large enough for my tests. You can find them further west of here or southeast along the mountains' edges.$B$BTake your time; I'll need a while to test these smaller pieces you brought me.","Bring 3 Large Stone Slabs to Lotwil Veriatus in the Badlands.","$N, simply amazing! I would have thought it'd take half a dozen tauren to bring all these to me.","","","","",""
712,"Study of the Elements: Rock","$N, there's one more part I need from the elementals here in the Badlands: the bracers of rock binding from the greater rock elementals. By my calculations, those bracers should be enough to gauge the strength of my own shackles.$B$BMy attempts at scrying the greater rock elementals showed a group of them southwest of here, near some ogres if I recall.$B$BBring me 5 of their bracers just so I have extras. Servo's notorious for misplacing my reagents and research.","Bring 5 Bracers of Rock Binding to Lotwil Veriatus in the Badlands.","$N, have you ever considered becoming a research assistant? No? I'm not sure what I'll do without your abilities here. Intelligence, curiosity, and strength--all combined into one package.","","","","",""
713,"Coolant Heads Prevail","Let me tell you something about Frost Oil: nothing can keep an engine or gears from overheating quite like it.$B$BIts cooling properties are extraordinary, and its longevity as a lubricant without equal. That's not all: it also aids in retaining enchantments on magical items.$B$BI need a vial of it to increase the magical capacity of my shackles and make them powerful enough to stop our summoned friend from killing us all.$B$BBro'kin, a goblin friend of mine, can teach you to make it. He's in Alterac.","Find Frost Oil and bring it to Lotwil Veriatus in Badlands.","Stupendous! This should be the perfect coolant for my new bracers. If the enchantments don't last a century, then I'll give all my belongings to Servo.$B$BAll the mages of the Assembly will be in such awe after I finish this, $N. You just wait and see.","","","","",""
714,"Gyro... What?","$N, you've done your job well beyond all standards.$B$B<Lotwil's obviously distracted by his work.>$B$BIf we ever meet in Kharanos, feel free to come apply for work.$B$BWhoops! Quick, grab the... yes, that. Thanks.$B$BNow I just need one more thing. It's a small part, but rather crucial, I'm afraid: a gyrochronatom.$B$BIf you could just go grab one and bring it to me, I should be ready to complete this.","Bring a Gyrochronatom to Lotwil Veriatus in the Badlands.","HA!$b$b<Lotwil grabs the gyrochronatom from you.>$b$bPerfect... just about done. No, really. I AM almost done now. This project is my top priority... at the moment. Let me pop this into place, and you can see for yourself what you've helped me create. It'll just take me a few more minutes... maybe... possibly longer. Well, maybe a lot longer. We'll see...","","","","",""
715,"Liquid Stone","I'm thinking those items you acquired for Lotwil are going to be the least of our worries, $N. On the other hand, you've proven more than adept at the sciences Lotwil holds sacred, so how about helping me out?$B$BI need an invisibility potion and a healing potion; both might come in handy real soon if he pulls this off.$B$BIn return, I'll give you this recipe for a potion I've been developing while learning from Lotwil. It's based on some of the research he's been doing here in the Badlands.","Bring a Healing Potion and a Lesser Invisibility Potion to Lucien Tosselwrench in the Badlands.","YES!$b$bI mean, thank you, $N. These will be helpful while traveling through the Badlands.","","","","",""
716,"Stone Is Better than Cloth","I know how cheap Lotwil can be, $N, so let me make you something for all your troubles. Maybe it'll even help protect you from the coming atrocity that is Lotwil's newest invention.$B$BI've been working with all the extra stones you collected for him, and I can make some nice bracers that you might want to use. They're enchanted, of course.$B$BI'll just need patterned bronze bracers crafted by a blacksmith so I can complete the bracers I'm making for you.","Bring some Patterned Bronze Bracers to Lucien Tosselwrench in the Badlands.","Here you go, $N. Try these on.","","","","",""
717,"Tremors of the Earth","It has become obvious that we cannot ensure that Blacklash and Hematus will remain imprisoned in Lethlor. That black dragons have taken up residence there, and that the ogres managed to steal the Sign indicates that more drastic measures will have to be taken.$b$bThe drakes' prison is maintained by three runestones that may only be retrieved using the Sign of the Earth. Those runestones can then be used to break the seal which imprisons them.$b$b$n... assure that their dreams are eternal.","Use the Sign of the Earth to activate the Pillars of Amethyst, Opal, and Diamond and obtain the Runestones.$b$bPlace the runestones in the Seal of the Earth to free Blacklash and Hematus.$b$bSlay them and return Blacklash's Bindings, the Chains of Hematus, and the Sign of the Earth to Garek.","No longer will the Kirin Tor need to worry over the prisoners of Lethlor. I will return to report success to my master. Krasus will no doubt be pleased.","","","","",""
718,"Mirages","In our hurry to leave the Uldaman excavation site, we were forced to abandon many wagons and crates of supplies along the way. The local ogres from Camp Kosh have been on our abandoned equipment like vultures on a rotting corpse. Don't smell much better, either. Than the corpses, I mean.$b$bAnyways, they took the cart that was carrying all our weapons and such... so--well, this is a bit embarrassing--we haven't been able to get any food.$b$bWe're in a bit of a pickle here, suppose you could help us out?","Retrieve the Supply Crate for Sigrun Ironhew.","Thanks so much, $N. While you were gone, I... er... swallowed a mouthful of sand. It...$B$BWell, enough of that, we'll go out and get some food tonight. Eat like kings!","","","","",""
719,"A Dwarf and His Tools","Hey, $N. Be careful 'round here. There be Dark Iron dwarves all around--looked like the Shadowforge clan.$B$BThey just attacked the excavation site I was workin' at--killed nearly everyone there, including my boss Hammertoe. I barely escaped with me life.$B$BThe site's just to the north of here, and I'm tryin' to plan a way to get some of our supplies back, especially me lucky pick.$B$BThink you'd be up to helpin' me out some? One of those damned Dark Iron must have my pick! Could be anyone of them.","Find Ryedol's Lucky Pick and return it to Prospector Ryedol south of Hammertoe's Dig Site.","Ye're me savior, $C. I'm glad someone could teach those Shadowforge a lesson or two. Thanks for yer help.","","","","",""
720,"A Sign of Hope","<There is text roughly scribbled in chalk on the map.>$B$B\"Ryedol, $BThey're taking me to Uldaman. Send help.$B-Hammertoe\"","Find Prospector Ryedol and let him know Hammertoe Grez is alive.","Hammertoe's alive?! This is amazin', $N!","","","","",""
721,"A Sign of Hope","$N, can ye find him? Can you find Hammertoe in Uldaman?$B$BIf those dirty Shadowforge are holdin' him hostage to figure out what he knows about the titan excavations, then all of Ironforge could be in huge trouble.$B$BFor a long time now those Dark Irons have been lookin' for magics to make more powerful golems. Hammertoe was doin' the same, of course, but only to stop them.$B$BThey're probably keepin' him alive until they learn what he knows.Ye've got to hurry if you're gonna save him!","Find Hammertoe Grez in Uldaman.","Yes? Ah'm sorry... <cough> Feel so weak. Can ye come closer, $c?$B$BRyedol sent ye? Muradin be praised, that boy's not as slow in the head as I once thought. <cough>","","","","",""
722,"Amulet of Secrets","Ye're brave... <cough>... to come into Uldaman fer me, $c.$B$BIf ye're really here to help... ol' Hammertoe, then... <cough>... you'll need to find... me amulet.$B$BDeepshadow's got it... Magregan Deepshadow. He's 'round here... in the ruins fer sure. That amulet'll lead 'em... <cough>...  right to the scrolls if he ain't stopped. It's up to you, $N. Please... get that amulet.$B$BThe scrolls will surely help the Dark Irons create even more powerful golems. I just know it. I can feel it in me bones.","Find Hammertoe's Amulet and return it to him in Uldaman.","Ha! <cough cough>$B$BAh knew you'd find me amulet, $N.$B$B<weeze> Well done indeed, $N. <cough>","","","","",""
723,"Prospect of Faith","<Hammertoe holds his wounds and takes a moment to regain his composure before speaking again.>$B$BFind Ryedol, $N. Bring 'im me amulet. <cough cough> He'll... <cough> figure out what to do. He knows I was seeking the origins of our people, and he... <cough>... knows it was also my mission to stop the Shadowforge clan. They must not be allowed to find the scrolls... <cough>","Take Hammertoe's Amulet to Prospector Ryedol in the Badlands.","Hammertoe's amulet? I think my spirits were higher when I thought he was dead. Knowin' fer sure only makes the pain worse. This amulet was his life's work. I can't let his death be in vain.","","","","",""
724,"Prospect of Faith","Okay, okay... who would know what to do?$B$BHistorian Karnik! That's it!$B$BHe's in Ironforge. He'll be able to help. He and Hammertoe were workin' together to find the lost artifacts in Uldaman.$B$BGuess the Shadowforge found out the two of them knew more than they were lettin' on.$B$BTell Karnik what's happened to Hammertoe and give him the amulet--he'll tell you what needs to be done next.","Take Hammertoe's Amulet to Historian Karnik in Ironforge.","Oh! Well, this is a different matter entirely. You probably don't realize the gravity of this matter yet, do you?$B$BI care deeply about Hammertoe's demise, but if he sent you here with his amulet, then he understood what's at stake.$B$BWe will have to take time to mourn his death later.$B$BLet me show you one of the reasons this amulet is so valuable.","","","","",""
725,"Passing Word of a Threat","$N, run and find Advisor Belgrum as quickly as you can. Tell him what you've witnessed and ask him how he wants us to proceed. This note will explain more to him.$B$BIn the meantime, I will take the time to speak to Hammertoe's spirit. Maybe he knows something that will help us put a stop to those Shadowforge cretins' activities in the Badlands. We can only pray.","Find Advisor Belgrum and give him his note.","Ah, word from Historian Karnik. Excellent.$B$BI always have time for his business.$B$B<Advisor Belgrum opens the note and begins to read.>","","","","",""
726,"Passing Word of a Threat","<Advisor Belgrum reaches the end of the note, and his eyes widen for a moment.>$B$BOch, these are evil tidings.$B$B$N, please return to Historian Karnik and tell him on the king's authority to act on this information swiftly and decisively. He must halt the Shadowforge's activities in the Badlands.","Speak to Historian Karnik.","You're treating this matter with an urgency I'd expect from the king himself, $N.$B$BAll right, then. I know what'll bring the Shadowforge down.$B$BTheir presence in Uldaman can be slowed if we strike them at their base of operations: Angor Fortress.","","","","",""
727,"To Ironforge for Yagyin's Digest","The Tablet tells much.  But not enough!  Not nearly enough!$B$BThere is a book, a digest that Yagyin wrote in ages past.  The ... people I fled ... they keep this book in many places.  And their most learned study it.  It holds vast knowledge.  Knowledge to protect us!$B$BGo to Gerrig Bonegrip.  He is in a shop in Ironforge, in the Forlorn Cavern.  Show him this sigil and he'll think you one of them.  Ask him for Yagyin's Digest ... and bring it to me!","Give the Sigil of the Hammer to Gerrig Bonegrip in the Forlorn Cavern of Ironforge.","Oh.  Greetings, $gbrother:sister;.$B$BAnd praise to the dwellers beneath.","","","","",""
728,"To the Undercity for Yagyin's Digest","The tablet tells much.  But not enough!  Not nearly enough!$B$BThere is a book, a digest that Yagyin wrote in ages past.  The... people I fled from... they keep this book in many places.  And their most learned study it.  It holds vast knowledge.  Knowledge to protect us!$B$BGo to Keeper Bel'dugur in the Undercity of Lordaeron.  Show him this sigil and he'll think you one of them.  Ask him for Yagin's Digest...and bring it to me!","Bring the Sigil of the Hammer to Keeper Bel'dugur in the Undercity.","Be discrete with your signs, $C. There are those who do not believe the righteousness of our pledge.$B$BAnd there are those who would see us fail if they knew of us.$B$BWe must always be careful. And watchful. And patient.","","","","",""
729,"The Absent Minded Prospector","What an honor it was when Master Greywhisker assigned me to work under the guidance of the great Prospector Remtravel. At the academy in Ironforge everyone knew of Remtravel's great discoveries.$b$bBut the prospector is rather... um... oblivious ...to his surroundings.$b$bWe had uncovered evidence of a great society. Horrible golems sprang forth from the ground and overran the site. Remtravel never seemed to notice. I ran back to Auberdine for help.$b$bPlease travel south and see if the prospector is ok!","Travel south and check on Prospector Remtravel.","Hollee. is that you? I need some help chiseling this stone. Hand me my stone brush, I think I see something.$b$bHey, you're not Hollee! Don't suppose you've seen my stone brush?$b$bNever mind that now! I promised the League I'd send the mysterious fossil I found. Where did Hollee go?$b$bSo much work to be done! Now where is that mysterious fossil... and my brush... and Hollee...$b$bAnd who are you... 'tis no matter, so long as you're here to help.$b$bLet me know when you're ready to start looking.","","","","",""
730,"Trouble In Darkshore?","How nice it is to see a $c interested in the great archeological wonders of our world.$b$bOftentimes our work is dismissed as mere hobby by our friends in the Alliance. But what many fail to realize is that recent discoveries in Khaz Modan have proven that a great and powerful force threatens all of Azeroth, from Lordaeron to Kalimdor.$b$bI am most worried about my crew that I sent to Darkshore. They haven't sent word in weeks.$b$bTravel to Auberdine and look for a clue as to their whereabouts.","Travel to Auberdine and look for signs of the dwarven excavation team.","I'm so glad Chief Archeologist Greywhisker sent for us.... ","","","","",""
731,"The Absent Minded Prospector","So then, Hollee... oh that's right, you are not Hollee. Where's Hollee?$b$bBah, that's beside the point. We must find that stone brush... I mean the mysterious fossil! We must find that fossil. The Explorers' League in Darnassus will want some indication as to what I've been doing.$b$bLet me know when you are ready and we will hunt down that brush.... I mean fossil! We shall find something in writing to satisfy the League.$b$bSo are you ready yet?","Protect Prospector Remtravel as he searches for the mysterious fossil, then return to Archaeologist Hollee in Auberdine.","Thank the stars Prospector Remtravel is safe! I told you he was absent minded. I can't believe he insisted on staying there with all of those horrible creatures lurking about.","Escort Prospector Remtravel","","","",""
732,"Tremors of the Earth","I heard from Sigrun that you have been a great help to him. Perhaps I might enlist your help. I was sent here by my master, Krasus of the Kirin Tor, to put an end to the trouble brewing in Lethlor Ravine.$b$bI cannot divulge the exact nature of my assignment here or the tasks that I must undertake, but be assured it is of vital importance.$b$bA band of wandering ogres, sometimes seen near Camp Boff, stole an object called the Sign of the Earth; I must have it. Bring it to me, and I will tell you more.","Retrieve the Sign of the Earth for Garek.","Good tidings you bring bearing the Sign, $N. The Sign of the Earth was created by the Dark Iron dwarves of Angor Fortress to bind two of Deathwing's ruthless lieutenants, the twins Blacklash and Hematus.","","","","",""
733,"Scrounging","It's going to be tough going here if I can't manage to scrounge up some materials to construct some defenses and other necessities. I've noticed that the ogres in the area seem to be well equipped with scrap metal. Maybe the stories of siege engines in the Badlands weren't so far off after all...$b$bAnyways, the Prospector's been getting worried about the state of our little camp, so I'd like to get working soon if I can.$b$bThe main ogre camp is at Dustbelch Grotto, a good trek to the west of here.","Get 7 pieces of Scrap Metal for Sigrun.","It's a start, $N, and it'll have to do until we hear word from Ironforge or the Explorers' League.$B$BNow, if only I could find some salt somewhere for my quenching barrel...","","","","",""
734,"This Is Going to Be Hard","Wonderful, wonderful.$B$B<Lotwil looks up at you for a moment before going back to his shackles.>$B$BGo speak to Lucien, $N. I need a cog #5. Bring it to me, will you?","Speak to Lucien Tosselwrench in the Badlands.","Cog #5, huh? Yeah, this isn't going to be good.","","","","",""
735,"The Star, the Hand and the Heart","Yagyin's Digest, eh?  Are you starting a new chapter of us, somewhere?  Never mind, it is not my place to ask.$B$BI will help you, for I have an extra copy.  We must aid each other, yes?  That is how we flourish.$B$BI require three items of power.  Bring them to me and I will give you the digest.$B$BI will not speak their names.  Ears may be on us.  But here, I will write them down.","Return the items on the Bonegrip's Note to Gerrig Bonegrip in Ironforge.","You are resourceful, $C. If it truly is your charge to begin a new chapter of our order, then I believe you will run it well.","","","","",""
736,"The Star, the Hand and the Heart","You need Yagyin's Digest?  Your plan, then, is to gather another flock?  Of course it is...and of course I will help you, $gbrother:sister;.$B$BBut you must help me too.$B$BI require three items of power.  Bring me these and the digest will be yours.$B$BI cannot utter the names of these items, but I will write them down.$B$BGet me the items on this list.  If you can do that, then you are truly worthy of opening your own chapter of our order.","Bring the items on Bel'dugur's Note to Keeper Bel'dugur in the Undercity.","I am impressed! You possess great skill, or great fortune, to have gained these relics. Either way, you are an asset to us.","","","","",""
737,"Forbidden Knowledge","I have the digest for you, $N.  I need not tell you to take great care with it.  And to keep it far from unfriendly hands.  $B$BThis book holds many truths...$B$B...And the truth can burn.","Bring Yagyin's Digest to Theldurin.","You got it! Oh, hope glimmers!$B$BYour efforts may yet save us, $N. A monument they should make of you! A shrine they should build! May your name be praised until your grandchildren have grandchildren!$B$BUnless...THEY are freed and rise to the surface.  If that happens then you can forget about children.$B$BIf THEY are freed, then we're all worm food.","","","","",""
738,"Find Agmond","Prospector Agmond was in charge of our excavation sites in the Badlands, to the southwest.  I say \"was\" because...well, I haven't heard from him in weeks.  I need you to find Agmond so I can get his report.$B$BLast I heard Agmond was at the southernmost dig site in the Badlands--a tiny operation past the Angor Fortress.  I'd start your search for him there.","Find Agmond.","This skeleton must be the unfortunate remains of Agmond.  His body is broken and battered, and his bones picked clean.","","","","",""
739,"Murdaloc","Agmond's tracks lead from the west.  It is easy to tell from the bloody smears across rock and sand that the dwarf crawled some distance.$B$BAnd here he died.$B$BUpon close inspection, the word \"Murdaloc\" is roughly scrawled in a patch of Badlands sandstone.$B$BScrawled next to Agmond's dead hand.","Slay Agmond's killer, Murdaloc.$B$BSlay 12 Stonevault Bonesnappers.$B$BReport to Prospector Ironband in Loch Modan.","This is sobering news, $N.  But Agmond had a strong arm and a fierce hammer-swing, and his skull was as thick as they come!  Although he was killed by those cursed troggs I'm sure he took a lot of them down with him.","","","","",""
741,"The Absent Minded Prospector","So the prospector wants to send the mysterious fossil to the Explorers' League in Darnassus? I don't feel right leaving Darkshore without him.$b$bHere, $n, deliver the mysterious fossil to Chief Archaeologist Greywhisker in Darnassus.","Take the mysterious fossil to Chief Archaeologist Greywhisker in Darnassus.","Oh my! Leave it to Prospector Remtravel to discover such a find!","","","","",""
742,"The Ashenvale Hunt","Attention, young adventurers!  The wilds of Ashenvale await you!$B$BThe Horde has established a strong presence in the lands north of the Barrens.  Our two outposts - Splintertree Post and the Zoram Strand Outpost - strive to bring glory to the Horde!  Those who would prove themselves should seek out guidance there.  Of note: Senani Thunderheart in Splintertree Post, directly north of the Barrens, seeks adventurers willing to take part in a great hunt of Ashenvale!","Speak with Senani Thunderheart at Splintertree Post, Ashenvale.","Welcome to the new frontier, $N.  Ashenvale is a land of opportunity, one where a young $c like yourself is able to find boundless chances to prove their mettle.  Look around the outpost here, and be sure to travel out to the Zoram Strand, as the Horde has another outpost there as well.$B$BYour presence here tells me that you've come to learn more about the hunt.  Listen close, and I will gladly share with you what you need to know.","","","","",""
743,"Dangers of the Windfury","Thank you for taking the time to speak to me, $N. I am Ruul, warrior and teacher.$B$BYou have obviously reached an age when you must prepare for your trials if you are to adventure much further out of Mulgore.$B$BIf you wish a test of your strength, start by seeking out the Windfury harpies to the southeast. They nestle along the mountain's edges away from the road.$B$BThey are one of our natural enemies here in Mulgore and will be a good gauge of your skill.","Bring 8 Windfury Talons to Ruul Eagletalon in Bloodhoof Village.","You have done well, $N. You seem well prepared to travel onward. Let the wind always be at your back.","","","","",""
744,"Preparation for Ceremony","$N, my brother soon stands before Chief Bloodhoof, and it is my honor to make his headdress for him.$B$BI want to ask a favor of you while I finish tanning these leather straps. There is not time for me to find enough feathers, and I was wondering, would you gather more for me?$B$BYou can find feathers of the correct size from the harpies residing far to the north and northwest of Thunder Bluff. I need only 6 azure and 6 bronze feathers to complete the design.","Collect 6 Azure Feathers and 6 Bronze Feathers, and bring them to Eyahn Eagletalon in Thunder Bluff.","Thank you for your help, $N.$B$BMy part in my brother's ceremony is almost complete. Giving him his headdress and witnessing the ceremony are all my duty requires of me.","","","","",""
745,"Sharing the Land","$N, there are many conflicts that wound this land. It is my hope that you will not bear witness to as many of them as I have. Yet there is one that I would ask you to seek out. It will give you some sense of how terrible, if left unchecked, even a small threat can be to the land.$B$BPalemane gnolls have settled to the south of Bloodhoof and in a cave to the west. They disrespect our attempts to communicate with them, and they slay the wildlife of Mulgore unbridled.$B$BWords are no longer the answer.","Kill 10 Palemane Tanners, 8 Palemane Skinners, and 5 Palemane Poachers, then return to Baine Bloodhoof in Bloodhoof Village.","$N, it is good you've taken my task seriously. Respect of the land and its creatures is important. Death and life are a circle... a necessity. One cannot exist without the other. Take time to ponder this and do well to never forget it.","","","","",""
746,"Dwarven Digging","There are dwarves preparing a dig site to the northwest.  They think secrets lie in the earth, and that is true, but hollowing and defiling the land is no way to earn its teachings.$B$BCollect the dwarven tools of digging, smash them, and return to me with the dwarves' broken tools.$B$BYou can smash the tools at a forge.  You will find one in Thunder Bluff, but any forge -- even a forge at the dwarven camp -- will suffice.","Collect 5 Prospector's Picks.$B$BAt a forge, smash the Prospector's Picks to create Broken Tools.$B$BBring 5 Broken Tools to Baine Bloodhoof in Bloodhoof Village.","Thank you, $N.  This will calm the beasts of Mulgore.  And, spirits willing, it will teach the dwarves that hollowing the land is not the path to knowledge.","","","","",""
747,"The Hunt Begins","You have a promising air about you, and will prove yourself to the tribe. Perhaps someday soon you will be welcomed into the great city of Thunder Bluff. But before that can happen you must prove yourself to my father, Chief Hawkwind.$b$bUp here on Red Cloud Mesa we pride ourselves on keen hunting skills. Tauren hunt out of necessity and for sport. Our supply of meats has run low and we require feathers for clothing. Hunt the nearby plainstriders and prove yourself by resupplying the village.","Grull Hawkwind in Camp Narache wants you to bring him 7 Plainstrider Feathers and 7 pieces of Plainstrider Meat.","The tauren of Narache thank you, $n. You show much promise.","","","","",""
748,"Poison Water","Goblins and their servants have tainted our sacred water wells!  We cannot allow this.$B$BTo cleanse each well, I must create a cleansing totem, then you must bring the totem to the well and perform a cleansing ritual.$B$BFirst we will create a cleansing totem for the Winterhoof Water Well.  To do this, the land must offer its aid. Hunt prairie wolves for their paws and adult plainstriders for their talons.  They are to the southwest.$B$BReturn to me with the paws and talons, $N.","Bring 6 Prairie Wolf Paws and 4 Plainstrider Talons to Mull Thunderhorn in Bloodhoof.","You have done well, $N.  I will take these and bind their power into a totem of cleansing.","","","","",""
749,"The Ravaged Caravan","A few days ago, we found a Venture Co. caravan traveling under guard on the northern shore of Stonebull Lake. We'd lost two of our number in an earlier battle, so we were quick to attack and lay waste to the caravan.$b$bWe left their supply crates, thinking that our torches would destroy anything of value, but given that Venture Co. salvagers have been spotted near the burned wagons, maybe we were wrong.$b$bPerhaps you could go to the caravan and examine the contents of the crates.","Morin Cloudstalker wants you to examine the contents of a supply crate at the Ravaged Caravan.","All sides of the crate are stamped with the sign of the Venture Co. Mining Division. Notes printed carefully on the side of the carton indicate that the contents are due for processing at one of their central plants.","","","","",""
750,"The Hunt Continues","A tauren skilled in the ways of the hunt knows that his prey is not for mere trophy. The beasts of the plains provide us with a means of survival. You will make quite an impression on the elders if you can bring back some highly valued Mountain Cougar Pelts. You can find the beasts lurking in the hills to the south.$b$bOur children need clothing and our tents need mending.","Grull Hawkwind in Camp Narache wants you to bring him 10 Mountain Cougar Pelts.","The tauren of Narache thank you for these provisions, $n. With your skill in the ways of the hunt you will surely be revered in Thunder Bluff someday.","","","","",""
751,"The Ravaged Caravan","Prying open the lid reveals a tightly packed assortment of ore and minerals, more evidence of the Venture Co.'s mining operation in Mulgore. On the top of the ore and minerals you remove a tightly bound sheaf of papers.$b$bUp in the foothills to the east, you can barely hear the sounds of work, and see smoke rising from a large fire.","Return the Venture Co. Documents to Morin Cloudstalker near Bloodhoof Village.","It does indeed appear that the Venture Co. is attempting to rob us of our natural resources. It is good to know this for true, and now it seems, we must do something about it.","","","","",""
752,"A Humble Task","All members of the tribe share in the harmony of life. We live together and work together.$b$bOur commitment to one another carries with it a high degree of responsibility. I ask of you now a humble task.$b$bMy mother set out this morning to fetch water from the well to the southeast of Narache. It has been quite some time now. Perhaps you could check on her for me while I attend to tribal matters here?","Chief Hawkwind wants you to search for his mother near the water well to the southeast of Camp Narache.","You traveled all this way just to help an old woman? My my, aren't you a keeper?","","","","",""
753,"A Humble Task","I have traveled many paths through life and these old legs lack the vigor they once had. I can still perform my duties to the tribe. Sometimes it just takes an old woman a little longer to do the task.$b$bBut you look like an eager $c. Let's put some of that youthful vitality to the test. Take a water pitcher from the well and bring it to my son, the Chief, in Camp Narache.$b$bRemember that even the most humble task can gain the recognition of elders.","Take a Water Pitcher from the water well.$b$bReturn the pitcher to Chief Hawkwind in Camp Narache which is northwest from the water well.","You carried this pitcher back at the Greatmother's bidding, I see.$b$bYour willingness to help others and provide for the tauren of Camp Narache leads me to believe you would make the tribe proud in Thunder Bluff someday.","","","","",""
754,"Winterhoof Cleansing","I have crafted the totem to cleanse the Winterhoof Water Well.  Now, you must take it to the well and perform a cleansing ritual.  You will find it to the southeast, guarded by foul goblins!$B$BThis will not be an easy task, but you must do it if we are ever to use its waters again.$B$BFortune to you, $N.","Use the Winterhoof Cleansing Totem at the Winterhoof Water Well, then return to Mull Thunderhorn.","News of your deed reached me moments ago -- already the beasts near the well drink from it eagerly.$B$BYou have done a great thing for the land, $N.  And you have done a great thing for the Tauren people.","Cleanse the Winterhoof Water Well","","","",""
755,"Rites of the Earthmother","Your willingness to perform a humble task for the tauren of Narache and your eagerness to learn are noble traits, $n. I believe one day you will be heralded in Thunder Bluff as a $c of greatness.$b$bBefore that you must embark on the Rites of the Earthmother, of which there are three.$b$bThe first test is the Rite of Strength. Travel to Seer Graytongue and tell him Chief Hawkwind has sent you.$b$bYou will find the seer's abode directly to the south of Camp Narache, tucked away in the hills.","Travel to Seer Graytongue who lives in the hills directly south of Camp Narache.","Chief Hawkwind sent you? Embarking on the Rites of the Earthmother is no small task...","","","","",""
756,"Thunderhorn Totem","To create the Thunderhorn Cleansing Totem, you must gather the claws of the predators of the Mulgore plains.  Hunt prairie stalkers for their stalker claws and flatland cougars for their cougar claws, then return to me.$B$BYou will find the prairie stalkers and flatland cougars to the east and west.","Bring 6 Stalker Claws and 6 Cougar Claws to Mull Thunderhorn.","Thank you, $N.  The purity with which these beasts hunt is vital in the creation of the next cleansing totem.$B$BThe goblins will never learn the difference between contending with the land, and living in harmony with it.","","","","",""
757,"Rite of Strength","The Rites of the Earthmother are the steps a young tauren needs to take to gain respect in Thunder Bluff.$b$bFirst you must pass the Rite of Strength. In this test you must prove your bravery by slaying enemies of the tribe.$b$bBristlebacks of Brambleblade Ravine to the east are encroaching on our tribal lands. They ambush our hunting parties and steal from the village by dark.$b$bShow your valor by slaying these villains and return to the Chief in Camp Narache with their belts as proof of your deeds.","Kill Bristlebacks in Brambleblade Ravine and bring 12 Bristleback Belts to Chief Hawkwind in Camp Narache.","You have passed the first test of the Rites of the Earthmother. The tribe will be proud.","","","","",""
758,"Thunderhorn Cleansing","The totem is ready, $N.  And again, it is your task to perform the ritual of cleansing.$B$BGo to the Thunderhorn Water Well, north of the village, and use the Thunderhorn Cleansing Totem in your ritual.  After you do this, return to me.$B$BMay the spirits guide you.","Use the Thunderhorn Cleansing Totem at the Thunderhorn Water Well, then return to Mull.","Ancestors of the Thunderhorn clan spoke to me in a dream, praising you for your actions near their well.$B$BFor their gratitude, they wish to give you this...","Cleanse the Thunderhorn Water Well","","","",""
759,"Wildmane Totem","There is but one water well left to cleanse, named after the Wildmane clan.  For this well to be pure, the land must offer the teeth of a fierce predator, the prairie wolf alpha.  Find the alphas to the north, then return to me when your hunt is finished.$B$BAlphas often wander around the base of our mighty city, Thunder Bluff.","Bring 8 Prairie Alpha Teeth to Mull Thunderhorn in Bloodhoof Village.","Very good, $N.  I can feel the sacrifice of the land in this offering, and my spirit swells with sadness, and pride.","","","","",""
760,"Wildmane Cleansing","Your cleansing of the Winterhoof and Thunderhorn wells is spoken among the spirits, young $N.  The Wildmane Totem is made, and your last task lies ahead.$B$BThe Wildmane Water Well lies north of Thunder Bluff.  Perform the ritual!  Heal the land of the goblins' poisons!  Let clean water flow once again!","Use the Wildmane Cleansing Totem at the Wildmane Water Well, then return to Mull Thunderhorn.","You've done it.  You have cleaned the wells, and healed our land.  Bloodhoof village is grateful, $N.$B$BMay the wind whisper your deeds for a hundred seasons, and may the waters of Mulgore remain clean forever.","Cleanse the Wildmane Well","","","",""
761,"Swoop Hunting","The swoop is a cunning bird, and difficult to find and hunt.  A collection of Swoop Quills is a badge of cleverness and determination for a hunter.$B$BIf you are willing to take up this task, then enter the plains and hunt the swoop.$B$BBring me their quills, and bring honor to your clan.$B$BThe swoops may be found anywhere in Mulgore, but your eyes must be sharp to spot them, and your hooves must be quick to catch them.","Bring 8 Trophy Swoop Quills to Harken Windtotem in Bloodhoof Village.","I know that gathering these quills was not an easy task, $N.  In doing this, you prove that you are a $c of merit.  It is good to have you at Bloodhoof Village.","","","","",""
762,"An Ambassador of Evil","Ambassador Infernus was sent to Angor Fortress by Ragnaros himself to mind the Shadowforge seeking lost artifacts in Uldaman.$B$BIt has already meant tremendous casualties for our people, but it has obviously grown worse. I hesitate to guess how many artifacts they would be able to find and use against Ironforge.$B$BOur goal is simple, $c. Return to the Badlands and destroy Ambassador Infernus. Once the threat is eliminated, return to Advisor Belgrum with proof of your victory.$B$BIt is in your hands now.","Kill Ambassador Infernus in Angor Fortress and bring proof of his death to Advisor Belgrum in Ironforge.","$N, your dedication to Ironforge and to the dwarven people cannot be refuted. I thank you for your help in this matter.$B$BI shall send word to Historian Karnik informing him that you have succeeded, and I shall also have aid sent to the Badlands as soon as possible to help recover the excavation site. Thank you again.$B$BBefore you go, there is one more thing I would ask of you in the name of King Bronzebeard.","","","","",""
763,"Rites of the Earthmother","For you to continue with the Rites of the Earthmother you must pass two more tests. It is time for you to broaden your experience, $n.$b$bTravel to Bloodhoof Village and seek out the Chief, Baine Bloodhoof, son of Cairne. There you may continue your journey and earn the acceptance of the elders of Thunder Bluff.$b$bTake this totem to Baine. He will recognize my carvings and help you on your path.$b$bFollow the road out of Camp Narache and travel with haste. Do not stray or you will lose your way.","Take the Totem of Hawkwind to Baine Bloodhoof in Bloodhoof Village. Follow the road out of Camp Narache.","Word from my good friend, Chief Hawkwind! Ah, I can see by his carvings you are of a special breed.","","","","",""
764,"The Venture Co.","This explains the buildup of Venture Co. employees and equipment we've seen in Mulgore. Those goblins... their company is expanding too quickly for their own good. It's how they say, show a goblin something, and you can hear the scales in the background.$b$bGreedy little things, they are. Unfortunately for their business enterprise, we tauren cannot allow them to conduct their operations in our lands. Go to their mine northeast of the ravaged caravan and send them a message.","Kill 14 Venture Co. Workers and 6 Venture Co. Supervisors for Morin Cloudstalker at Bloodhoof Village.","I don't think there could be too much misinterpreting or ignoring of that signal, hm? The Venture Co. will know not to take the tauren lightly, or to be so arrogant as to believe we would allow them to steal the natural resources around us without protest.","","","","",""
765,"Supervisor Fizsprocket","According to the documents you salvaged from the caravan, the Venture Co. created many plans to attempt to drive us from our lands here, so that they could have free reign to plunder our lands.$b$bThe depths that they would sink to accomplish their goals disgusts and appalls me. I want the mastermind behind their plans killed. His name is Supervisor Fizsprocket, you will find him at the Venture Co. mine east of the ravaged caravan. Bring me his clipboard, we shall see if we find out anything useful.","Kill Supervisor Fizsprocket and return his clipboard to Morin Cloudstalker at Bloodhoof Village.","My anger is somewhat lessened at the news that the villain Fizsprocket is dead. I will go through his personal effects and see if there is any additional information about what the Venture Co. has planned for the future. Thank you for your efforts, $n.","","","","",""
766,"Mazzranache","My grandfather told me stories about his battles with a strider named Mazzranache. He told me of its demonic red eyes, razor-sharp talons and venomous bite.$b$bAs fortune would have it, while traveling across the plains, I encountered it, and it took a nasty bite from my shoulder. He was as terrible as my grandfather described. I will need some hard-to-find animal parts to clean the infection from his bite: a wolf heart, cougar femur, plainstrider scale and swoop gizzard.$b$bHurry, time is of the essence.","Bring a Prairie Wolf Heart, Flatland Cougar Femur, Plainstrider Scale and Swoop Gizzard to Maur Raincaller at Bloodhoof Village.","Ah, thank you, $n. Using the items you brought me, I will be able to create the remedy I need to stop the spread of the infection and, eventually, cure it completely. I owe you my life in thanks.$b$bBut I'll never forget that screeching call when Mazzranache came upon me, the blaze of color as its beak descended...$b$bBe wary on your travels.","","","","",""
767,"Rite of Vision","The Rite of Vision, one of the Rites of the Earthmother, will help guide you toward earning the respect of the elders of Thunder Bluff.$b$bOur people have learned that the land is our most holy provider. In order to take part in the ritualistic vision, you must speak with the spiritual leader of the village, Zarlman Two-Moons.","Speak with Zarlman Two-Moons in Bloodhoof Village.","I sensed you would be coming to me, $c. I can always recognize one who is trying to pass the Rites of the Earthmother.","","","","",""
768,"Gathering Leather","Greetings, young one.  You have a gleam in your eye; I can tell you are eager to venture back to the plains for the hunt.  May you bring honor to your clan!$B$BI work with the skins of beasts, fashioning them into clothes and armor for the people of Thunder Bluff.$B$BIf you hunt beasts and bring me their skins, then I will fashion something for you.","Bring 12 pieces of Light Leather to Veren Tallstrider in Thunder Bluff.","Ah, these are very nice pieces. They'll make fine leather goods.$B$BHere, $N. Take this in trade...","","","","",""
769,"Kodo Hide Bag","The kodo beasts of Mulgore are strong and sturdy -- traits much respected among us.  If you are skilled in leatherworking and wish the knowledge to make a Kodo Hide Bag, then bring me supplies for my trade.$B$BDo this, and I will share my knowledge with you.","Bring 4 Light Leather and 4 Coarse Thread to Veren Tallstrider in Thunder Bluff.","Ah, good. Thank you, $N. My heart swells with pride to see youths interested in the craft of leatherworking.","","","","",""
770,"The Demon Scarred Cloak","The ragged hide of Ghost Howl still bears a terrible wound, gained from the wolf's battles against the Burning Legion.$B$BPerhaps someone in Bloodhoof Village should know of Ghost Howl's demise....","Find someone who knows of Ghost Howl.","I can barely believe my old eyes! You defeated the great wolf Ghost Howl? I look upon you with new respect, young $C. You are a $C of extreme skills!$b$bLet me offer you something. My days of hunting are over, but I would be honored if you used one of my weapons in your hunts.$b$bMay it strike true, and bring you renown.$b$bAnd let us hope that Ghost Howl's spirit has finally found peace.","","","","",""
771,"Rite of Vision","In order to pass through the Rite of Vision, you must gather the reagents needed to make the Water of the Seers.$b$bI will need well stones, which can be found around the water wells in Mulgore. With those I will combine Ambercorn, which fall beneath the mighty trees in our land.$b$bThese reagents contain magical elements, and when brewed and consumed before the tribal fire, will cause you to encounter a vision. Follow it, and it will lead you to the next step of this holy quest.","Collect 2 Well Stones and 2 Ambercorn and bring them back to Zarlman Two-Moons in Bloodhoof Village.","I see you have learned to gather from our sacred land, $n. It will take but a moment for me to brew the Water of the Seers.","","","","",""
772,"Rite of Vision","I now present you with the Water of the Seers.$b$bWhen you are ready, consume the waters near the tribal fire. Once you have ingested the holy waters, it will take a few moments before the vision materializes before the fire.$b$bAt that point, it is up to you to follow it to your destiny....","Consume the Water of the Seers in front of the tribal fire in Bloodhoof Village and follow the vision once it appears.","Be not afraid, $n. You have successfully passed the Rite of Vision.","","","","",""
773,"Rite of Wisdom","To gain acceptance amongst the elders of Thunder Bluff you must next complete the Rite of Wisdom.$b$bNow that you have passed the Rite of Vision, the ancestral spirits of Red Rocks will give you the blessing of our ancestors. Only those who have drunk from the Water of Seers can gain the blessing.$b$bTravel east of Thunder Bluff, to Red Rocks and seek out the Ancestral Spirit, $n.","Travel to Red Rocks east of Thunder Bluff and speak with the Ancestral Spirit.","You have shown great diligence in your yearning to pass the Rites of the Earthmother, $n.$b$bWe, the Ancestral Spirits, represent the mighty tauren who gave their lives bravely to found and protect our great city of Thunder Bluff. I hereby pass the duty of that protection over to you.$b$bYou have passed the Rite of Wisdom, young $c. Enter Thunder Bluff with pride.","","","","",""
775,"Journey into Thunder Bluff","You will now be revered within our great city. Any $r worthy of completing the Rites of the Earthmother earns that honor.$b$bFor your final quest, seek out our noble leader, Cairne Bloodhoof, who dwells atop the highest mesa in Thunder Bluff.","Speak with Cairne Bloodhoof in Thunder Bluff.","Hail, young $c. I see you found your way to my doorstep.","","","","",""
776,"Rites of the Earthmother","You have passed the Rites of the Earthmother and earned your place in Thunder Bluff.$b$bBut in order to maintain the spot that you strived so hard to achieve, you must continue to prove your worth to your people.$b$bWe are hunters, $n. Down below in Mulgore there is a mighty kodo named Arra'chea. Show me your skills in the ways of tracking and hunting by bringing me the Horn of Arra'chea.","Cairne Bloodhoof in Thunder Bluff wants you to bring him the Horn of Arra'chea.","Well done! A fine kill that was.$b$bI will send a gathering party to collect the carcass so we can retrieve the hide and meat.$b$bYou have done a great deed for your people, $n.","","","","",""
777,"This Is Going to Be Hard","Okay, here you go.$B$BI'm going to be over here... behind cover.$B$BFeel free to join me.","Bring Cog #5 to Lotwil Veriatus.","Ah, perfect. Stand back while I prepare to make more history!$b$b<Lotwil continues to work feverishly.>","","","","",""
778,"This Is Going to Be Hard","Haha! Done! The shackles are done!$B$BIt's time, Lucien. It's time, Servo!$B$BAre you ready to bear witness to the perfect blend of alchemy, engineering, and the arcane, $N?$B$BI shall summon forth a powerful elemental now. This is a groundbreaking day for all of us.","Defeat the Fam'retor Guardian and bring Lotwil's Shackles of Elemental Binding back to Lotwil Veriatus.","Thank you, $N. That was quite an ordeal, wasn't it?$b$bI'm not sure what could have gone wrong. It was a good thing my magics were here to help send the creature back to its home plane.$b$bPerhaps a little token of appreciation for all your hard work...","","","","",""
779,"Seal of the Earth","","","As you place the Runestones into the matching recesses, a violent rumbling shakes the earth as the Seal is broken.","","","","",""
780,"The Battleboars","The Battleboars of Brambleblade Ravine to the east are encroaching on our tribal hunting grounds. They are trained to be malicious by the Bristleback Quilboars with whom we are at war.$b$bGo and slay the vile creatures and bring back some snouts and flanks so that we can make stew for our young.","Grull Hawkwind in Camp Narache wants you to kill Battleboars and bring back 8 Battleboar Snouts and 8 Battleboar Flanks.","Most excellent. These ingredients will make a fine stew and the loss of those boars should be a fair lesson to those vile Bristlebacks.","","","","",""
781,"Attack on Camp Narache","After carefully evaluating the map, you realize that what you discovered are the plans made by the Bristleback warchief for an extended siege on Camp Narache.$b$bSurely Chief Hawkwind could use this information!","Bring the Bristleback Attack Plans to Chief Hawkwind in Camp Narache.","This is quite alarming indeed! But with this information we can call on our brethren from Bloodhoof Village to help thwart the attack. You have saved the lives of many tauren, $n.","","","","",""
782,"Broken Alliances","From the Horde's alliance with the dragon Deathwing during the Second War, we know that two of his lieutenants, Blacklash and Hematus, were imprisoned within Lethlor Ravine far to the east. We must silence our depraved allies of old to restore honor to the Horde!$B$BWe hired Tho'grun and his band of ogre mercenaries to help us obtain the Sign of the Earth, a key needed to unlock the drakes' prison. Tho'grun betrayed us though, overwhelming us and taking it for himself. Go to Camp Boff and take it back!","Kill Boss Tho'grun and bring the Sign of the Earth to Gorn in Kargath.","With Tho'grun dead, his corpse picked clean by the desert winds and scavenging buzzards, the ogres will be put into disarray. Though a small victory, this will lead to a much larger one$B$BThe Sign of the Earth is now in our possession, and we can open the black drakes' prison in Lethlor.  We shall free them from endless imprisonment, albeit to their doom!","","","","",""
783,"A Threat Within","I hope you strapped your belt on tight, young $c.  Because there is work to do here in Northshire.$B$BAnd I don't mean farming.$B$BThe Stormwind guards are hard pressed to keep the peace here, with so many of us in distant lands and so many threats pressing close.  And so we're enlisting the aid of anyone willing to defend their home.  And their alliance.$B$BIf you're here to answer the call, then speak with my superior, Marshal McBride.  He's inside the abbey behind me.","Speak with Marshal McBride.","Ah, good.  Another volunteer.  We're getting a lot of you these days.$B$BI hope it's enough.$B$BThe human lands are threatened from without, and so many of our forces have been marshaled abroad.  This, in turn, leaves room for corrupt and lawless groups to thrive within our borders.$B$BIt is a many-fronted battle we wage, $N.  Gird yourself for a long campaign.","","","","",""
784,"Vanquish the Betrayers","Led by Admiral Proudmoore, the humans of Kul Tiras encroached on Durotar, violating the Warchief's pact made with Jaina Proudmoore in order to defeat Archimonde years ago.$b$bThe human aggression was repelled and Tiragarde Keep fell. But recently, the Admiral's reserves, led by Lieutenant Benedict, have retaken the keep and once again pose a threat to our homeland. These humans show no respect for diplomacy.$b$bProve your honor and travel south to Tiragarde Keep to eliminate the human invaders.","Kill 10 Kul Tiras Sailors, 8 Kul Tiras Marines and Lieutenant Benedict and return to Gar'Thok in Razor Hill.","Word of your bravery travels fast, $C. Tales of your victory at Tiragarde Keep will be heralded in Orgrimmar.","","","","",""
786,"Thwarting Kolkar Aggression","Lower your voice, $c. The Kolkar centaurs lie just over the ridge to the west in Kolkar Crag.$b$bLast night while they were raiding, I snuck into their village and discovered that the dirty beasts have a three-tiered attack planned on the trolls and orcs of Durotar.$b$bWe mustn't let their invasion come to fruition. Perhaps you can muster the might needed to infiltrate Kolkar Crag and destroy their attack plans.$b$bLast I saw, they had divided them up amongst three of their leaders.","Lar Prowltusk outside of Sen'jin Village wants you to destroy the 3 sets of Attack Plans held within Kolkar Crag.","The Horde would surely prevail if the Kolkar centaurs were to attack. But by preventing such an attack. we have spared our mighty warriors unnecessary bloodshed.$B$BAnd as sure as there is sand in the Tanaris desert. we know that there will be blood spilled before these trying times are through.$B$BYou have served your people well. $C.","","Attack Plan: Valley of Trials destroyed","Attack Plan: Sen'jin Village destroyed","Attack Plan: Orgrimmar destroyed",""
787,"The New Horde","Throm'ka, $c. I am Eitrigg, charged by Thrall to oversee the training of recruits.$b$bThe Horde has changed from what it once was. There was a time where I left the Horde, disillusioned by the growing influence of the power-hungry pawns of the Burning Legion. During my exile, I was taken prisoner by a group of humans, but was rescued by the Warchief. Hearing his vision of the Horde free of demonic influence, guided by the shamans, I returned.$b$bGornek will have further instructions for you.","Report to Gornek in the Den.","Another one of Eitrigg's recruits, hm?$B$BA sorry state of affairs we find ourselves in if this is the best the Horde can produce. No matter. By the time we think you're ready to leave the Valley, you'll be a proud warrior of the Horde.","","","","",""
788,"Cutting Teeth","The first order of business will be to put a little strength in your backbone. I could send you out to the Barrens to hunt kodo, but well, in all honesty, you're more useful to us alive than dead.$b$bI believe you would find a good match with the mottled boars you'll find to the north of here.","Kill 10 Mottled Boars then return to Gornek at the Den.","Hmmm, not bad, $N. But don't let it get to your head...you'll fight tougher than boars in your career.$b$bNonetheless, you've proven yourself well, and your next trial will be against a considerably more dangerous opponent, so you'll need some extra protection.","","","","",""
789,"Sting of the Scorpid","Powerful warrior and awkward novice alike have fallen to the venomous sting of the scorpid. You will find large numbers of scorpids northwest of here. Bring me ten of their tails as proof of your prowess in battle.$b$bThe antidote for their sting is actually made from venom extracted from their stingers. We keep large quantities of antidote for scorpid venom on hand to heal young bloods just like you...$b$bBut I'm sure you won't be needing any of that, will you?","Get 10 Scorpid Worker Tails for Gornek in the Den.","There is an important lesson that you must take away from fighting scorpids. The smallest or largest of opponents can still send you to your doom. In fierce combat, any number of things can prove your downfall.$b$bI have no more to teach you, $N. You have done well, and I will watch your progress with interest.","","","","",""
790,"Sarkoth","$C! I thought I would die out here with none to know of it. While I was hunting the scorpids of the Valley, I came across a particularly vicious-looking one. Hurling myself at it, I managed to inflict a massive blow to its claw before it closed around my leg.$b$bI wasn't ready for its stinger though, and it sliced down and into my chest, cutting into my flesh and letting my blood. Please, you must kill the scorpid for me! My honor must be upheld! I fought it up on the plateau to the south.","Kill Sarkoth and bring his claw back to Hana'zua.","My blow was not enough to kill him, but looking at the damage I inflicted gives me some small measure of pride. That small measure will be all I have to sustain myself if I die, and in that light, the short list of my life's accomplishments fills me with anger.","","","","",""
791,"Carry Your Weight","Age has rendered me useless in battle. Now I make myself useful in other ways.$b$bFrom this vantage point I watch for invaders. As our strength here grows, I find myself blowing the signal horn less and less.$b$bTo pass the time I fashion goods to help younger, more able warriors defend our homeland.$b$bFor you, I can fashion you a bag for your belongings. If such an item would be of use to you, bring me some canvas, a material common to the humans and centaurs.","Furl Scornbrow in the Razor Hill watchtower wants 8 Canvas Scraps.","Most excellent, $N. Any good $C will surely find a use for this bag on the battlefield.$b$bI salute your vigor and willingness to die in the name of the Horde!","","","","",""
792,"Vile Familiars","I trust the Valley of Trials will teach you much, young $c.$B$BI was sent to the Valley to guide you, but I have discovered a growing taint here...$B$BA group that calls itself the Burning Blade has a coven here in the Valley of Trials.  They are skulking in a cave to the northeast, and their Vile Familiars have spilled from its mouth to cause havoc.$B$BAs your first task against the Burning Blade, I bid you, defeat these familiars. Slay many and, if you survive, return to me.","Kill 12 Vile Familiars.$B$BReturn to Zureetha Fargaze outside the Den.","You have done well, $N.$b$bAlthough the Vile Familiars were merely pets of the darker powers within the Burning Blade, your success against them foretells greater deeds ahead.","","","","",""
793,"Broken Alliances","The Seal of the Earth is held by three runestones, held in the Pillars of Diamond, Opal, and Amethyst in Lethlor Ravine. Using the Sign of the Earth, you will be able to remove the runestones and unlock the Seal of the Earth.$b$bBe wary though, $n, the black drakes Blacklash and Hematus are not to be trifled with. See them dead and return their bindings to me.$B$BTo reach the ravine, travel to the far eastern part of the Badlands.  Be careful though, for the ravine is home to countless drakes.","Use the Sign of the Earth to activate the Pillars of Diamond, Opal, and Amethyst and obtain the Runestones.$b$bPlace the runestones in the Seal of the Earth to free Blacklash and Hematus.$b$bSlay them and return Blacklash's Bindings, the Chains of Hematus, and the Sign of the Earth to Gorn.","The black dragonflight continues to ally with the renegade Blackrock orcs, and both must be brought into line, or removed. With Blacklash and Hematus dead, we can turn our attentions westwards, towards Blackrock Spire.","","","","",""
794,"Burning Blade Medallion","Through my divinations, I see that an item of power hides deep within the Burning Blade Coven, guarded by beasts and black magic.$B$BIt is called the Burning Blade Medallion, and your next task is to find it and remove it from the coven.$B$BBut be wary, for the medallion may be possessed by an agent of the Burning Blade, and if so then the agent's power would be greater than the familiars you have already encountered.$B$BGo, $N.  You will find the coven in a cave, to the north and west.","Bring the Burning Blade Medallion to Zureetha Fargaze, outside The Den.","You retrieved it! Well done!$b$bYour efforts within the Burning Blade Coven are key in rooting out this cult in the Valley of Trials. But I fear they have further aims in our land.$b$bWe have not seen the end of them.","","","","",""
795,"Seal of the Earth","","","As you place the Runestones into the matching recesses, a violent rumbling shakes the earth as the Seal is broken.","","","","",""
796,"Journey to Booty Bay!","","","So you're the adventurous type, eh? I bet you'd like to see the distant lands of Eastern Kingdoms? I'll take you right over to Booty Bay, on the coast of Stranglethorn Vale.$B$BHang on tight! Here we go!$B$B<<Note: Our crack team of artists, programmers and shipwrights$Bare currently hard at work preparing the \"real\" boat for your sailing pleasure. In$Bthe meantime, please enjoy this free teleport instead. -- Thanks, --WoW$BTeam>>","","","","",""
797,"Journey to Ratchet!","","","So you're the adventurous type, eh? I bet you'd like to see the distant lands of Kalimdor? I'll take you right over to Ratchet, on the coast of The Barrens.$B$BHang on tight! Here we go!$B$B<<Note: Our crack team of artists, programmers and shipwrights$Bare currently hard at work preparing the \"real\" boat for your sailing pleasure. In$Bthe meantime, please enjoy this free teleport instead. -- Thanks, --WoW$BTeam>>","","","","",""
798,"Journey to Undercity!","","","So you're the adventurous type, eh? I'll take you right over to Undercity, on Trisfal Glades.$B$BHang on tight! Here we go!$B$B<<Note: Our crack team of artists, programmers and aviation engineers$Bare currently hard at work preparing the \"real\" zeppelin for your flying pleasure. In the meantime, please$Benjoy this free teleport instead. --$BThanks, --WoW Team>>","","","","",""
799,"Journey to Orgrimmar!","","","So you're the adventurous type, eh? I'll take you right over to Orgrimmar, on Durotar.$B$BHang on tight! Here we go!$B$B<<Note: Our crack team of artists, programmers and aviation engineers$Bare currently hard at work preparing the \\\"real\\\" zeppelin for your flying pleasure. In the meantime, please$Benjoy this free teleport instead. --$BThanks, --WoW Team>>","","","","",""
801,"Journey to Grom'gol!","","","The Warchief has established a base camp in Stranglethorn Vale. Perhaps$Byou would like to visit it? Just say the$Bword and I'll take you to Grom'gol.$B$B<<Note: Our crack team of artists, programmers and aviation engineers$Bare currently hard at work preparing the \"real\" zeppelin for your flying$Bpleasure. In the meantime, please$Benjoy this free teleport instead. --$BThanks, --WoW Team>>","","","","",""
802,"Journey to Undercity!","","","So you're the adventurous type, eh? I'll take you right over to Undercity, on Trisfal Glades.$B$BHang on tight! Here we go!$B$B<<Note: Our crack team of artists, programmers and aviation engineers$Bare currently hard at work preparing the \"real\" zeppelin for your flying pleasure. In the meantime, please$Benjoy this free teleport instead. --$BThanks, --WoW$BTeam>>","","","","",""
803,"Journey to Grom'gol!","","","The Warchief has established a base camp in Stranglethorn Vale. Perhaps$Byou would like to visit it? Just say the$Bword and I'll take you to Grom'gol.$B$B<<Note: Our crack team of artists, programmers and aviation engineers$Bare currently hard at work preparing the \"real\" zeppelin for your flying$Bpleasure. In the meantime, please$Benjoy this free teleport instead. --$BThanks, --WoW Team>>","","","","",""
804,"Sarkoth","Seeing the deed you have done for me steels my heart. I cannot fall so easily! I must endure!$b$bBut it remains that I cannot make the trek back to the Den unassisted. Please, $n, return to the Den and tell Gornek of my situation. Perhaps he can help me.","Bring the news of Hana'zua's plight to Gornek at the Den.","From your description of the beast, I believe you must be speaking of Sarkoth! It is no wonder that Hana'zua was overtaken by it. Aid will be dispatched to him immediately, trouble yourself no more with Hana'zua's plight.$b$bHowever, I must say, I am most impressed to hear that you brought Sarkoth to death. It is a feat to be proud of, $N. And that you would fight for a stranger's honor, while other tasks occupied your time, your own honor is heightened.","","","","",""
805,"Report to Sen'jin Village","Your trials against the Burning Blade are finished... here in the Valley.  But I want you to report your findings.$B$BGo to the troll village of Sen'jin and seek out Master Gadrin.  Sen'jin Village is east out of the valley, then right at the fork.$B$BTell Gadrin of the Burning Blade, and that they have reached the Valley of Trials.  Discover from him if they have yet reached Sen'jin.$B$BGo, $N, and be swift.  I fear the evil found in the Burning Blade Coven is but the herald of a larger threat...","Speak with Master Gadrin in Sen'jin Village.","Hm... your report comes at a bad time. The Burning Blade is not seen here in Sen'jin, but their evil has taken seed off the coast, on the Echo Isles.$b$bThe orcs are friends of the Darkspear Trolls. Honorable friends. We want to help the orcs, but... we need help too.$b","","","","",""
806,"Dark Storms","We cannot allow the Burning Blade a foothold in Durotar!  We must destroy them before their evil festers!$B$BI have undergone my own investigations and found that a Burning Blade warlock, the goblin Fizzle Darkstorm, has camped within Thunder Ridge to the northwest.  There he and his cultist minions spread chaos.$B$BFind and defeat Fizzle, and bring me his dead claw!","Bring Fizzle's Claw to Orgnil Soulscar in Razor Hill.","Aha! You got him!$b$bYou do your clan proud, $N. And because of you, Durotar is free of one more agent of evil.","","","","",""
808,"Minshina's Skull","I hear the voice of my brother, Minshina, calling to me in my dreams.$B$BHe was taken by Zalazane, the warlock on the Echo Isles to the east. And he is dead.$B$BBut death is not freedom for my brother. Minshina's spirit was trapped within his own skull by Zalazane's magics. In my dreams I see it with other skulls, in a circle of power on the largest Echo Isle. As long as it remains there my brother's soul is doomed.$B$BPlease, $N. Find the circle and retrieve Minshina's skull. Bring it to me.$B$BFree him!","Retrieve Minshina's skull from the circle of power on the Echo Isles.$B$BBring it to Master Gadrin in Sen'jin Village.","Thank you, $N. You have saved Minshina. You have saved my brother's spirit from slavery!","","","","",""
809,"Ak'Zeloth","Since the last great war when the Burning Legion was defeated, I have searched for sources of demonic corruption in orc society.  The collar you brought me confirms my fears.$B$BIt belongs to the Burning Blade, a cult that rallies around an item of demonic power.  It is called the Demon Seed, and it resides in the Barrens atop Dreadmist Peak.  It must be destroyed!$B$BGo to Far Watch Post, on the border of the Barrens to the west, and speak with my assistant, Ak'Zeloth.  He will direct you further.","Speak with Ak'Zeloth in the Barrens.","Neeru wants the Demon Seed destroyed, does he? Strange...$b$bVery well. If he wishes the seed gone, then I will tell you how to remove it.","Destroy the Demon Seed","Destroy the Demon Seed","","",""
812,"Need for a Cure","$N... your timing is perfect. I just hope I can compliment your haste as well.$B$BI was careless while fighting a few of the venomtails nearby, and one of them stung me deeply. I can feel its poison weakening me even as we speak. At this rate, I got maybe an hour left to live. But I'll need your help if I'm to do so...$B$BKor'ghan in Orgrimmar knows how to make the antidote. Find him... and hurry, $N. I won't be able to last much longer. He should be in the Cleft of Shadow.","Find Kor'ghan in Orgrimmar and get the Venomtail Antidote. Then bring the antidote to Rhinag near the northwestern border of Durotar.","$N, you've saved my life. Thank you.$B$BPlease take this; I hope it can at least help you in your travels, if not bring you some coin. From what you say, I won't be usin' it anytime soon. Kor'ghan is gonna march me through more of his rituals until I prove myself. More killin' boars, more gatherin' scorpid tails... <sigh>","","","","",""
813,"Finding the Antidote","Venomtails are some of the deadliest scorpids in Durotar. It was unwise for Rhinag to hunt them without having some of the antidote with him, but right now, chastising is the last thing he needs.$B$BBring me a few venomtail poison sacs from any of the venomtails near the entrance of Orgrimmar and I'll make an antidote for him.$B$BMake haste, $N. One of our own needs your help.","Bring 4 Venomtail Poison Sacs to Kor'ghan in Orgrimmar.","Here is the antidote, $N. Take it to Rhinag as soon as you can, and be cautious.","","","","",""
815,"Break a Few Eggs","Bah! I almost forgot I need to get breakfast ready.$B$B$N, get yourself movin' and get me some taillasher eggs. I'll need at least three of them if I'm going to have enough for tomorrow's meal.$B$BThe Bloodtalon taillashers can be fierce, and protect their eggs to the death more often than not. They sometimes bury their eggs too deep in the earth to uncover safely, but if you head to the Echo Isles to the southeast of Sen'jin Village, you can usually find them all over those islands.","Bring 3 Taillasher Eggs to Cook Torka in Razor Hill.","You might be weak, but at least you're not clumsy, $N.$b$bHere, take this and get outta my way. I've got cooking to do.","","","","",""
816,"Lost But Not Forgotten","$N, please, can you help me? My son Kron went hunting days ago, and he still hasn't returned. He went west towards the Barrens to hunt crocolisks along Southfury River. I fear the worst.$B$BAs strong as he was, his stubborn pride has always drawn him into trouble. I warned him that the crocolisks were powerful and vicious. He grew angry and stormed off.$B$BIf you can't find him, at least bring me a sign of his fate... even if you have to open up the stomach of every crocolisk along the Southfury's banks.","Bring a sign of Kron's fate to Misha Tor'kren at the farmstead northwest of Razor Hill.","Oh, my son... my beautiful son.$b$bUncertain of my son's fate, I have tormented myself since he left. Now that I know what's happened, perhaps I can finally begin to mourn.$b$bThank you, $N. Please take this. I was going to give it to Kron as a gift when he returned successful. Now that I know he is dead, I cannot bear to look at it.","","","","",""
817,"Practical Prey","Many of the hides we use come from Durotar tigers, $N. Blankets, armor, tents: there are a great many reasons we hunt the beasts, and many reasons we let them thrive at the same time.$B$BThe time has come for us to cull the flock, so to speak. Our numbers grow, and our needs are beginning to overwhelm our stocks. I need more hides if I'm to prepare suitable goods for our people.$B$BBring me 4 Durotar tiger furs, and I shall reward you. You can find them on the islands south of here.","Bring 4 Durotar Tiger Furs to Vel'rin Fang in Sen'jin Village.","I am pleased, $N. Because of your help, our people will be protected, and not go cold as the seasons change.$b$bThank you.","","","","",""
818,"A Solvent Spirit","Although my eyes fail me, I still can see clearly enough. More often I must rely on my alchemical skills to aid me in magics that once came easily. But I refuse to take on an apprentice--no troll or orc worthy enough has ever come forward.$B$BAre you worthy? Yes, of course you are... of course you think you are.$B$BI need a few things. Will you get them for me?$B$BI need intact makrura eyes, and vials of crawler mucus. You can find them on any makrura or crawler in Durotar. We shall speak again soon.","Bring 4 Intact Makrura Eyes and 8 vials of Crawler Mucus to Master Vornal in Sen'jin Village.","Well done, young one... well done indeed.","","","","",""
819,"Chen's Empty Keg","A small placard on one of the ends of the keg says,$B$B\"Chen Stormstout-$B$BMay your spirit be raised and always raise your spirits.\"","Find someone who knows about Chen's Empty Keg.","Well, I'll be...$B$BThis was one of Chen Stormstout's kegs. He traveled with Rexxar a long time ago. I haven't seen or heard about him in a kodo's age. I appreciate you bringing this to me, $N.","","","","",""
821,"Chen's Empty Keg","Would you like a taste of Chen's namesake? Ahh, the stormstout is a mighty brew. Chen taught the recipe to my mentor, and my mentor passed it on to me. I'll need you to get me a few things, but I can tell you this: the kick is worth it.$B$BBring me 5 savannah lion tusks from any savannah lion, 5 plainstrider kidneys from any plainstrider, and 1 thunder lizard horn from any species of thunder lizard. That should do the trick nicely.$B$BYou can find these ingredients throughout the Barrens.","Bring 5 Savannah Lion Tusks, 5 Plainstrider Kidneys, and 1 Thunder Lizard Horn to Brewmaster Drohn in Ratchet.","Haha... I never thought I'd make more of this stuff ever again.$B$BYou've stirred in me a great sense of nostalgia, $N. Kind of reminds me of the last time I made a batch of trogg brew. Thank you. The memories warm my stomach.","","","","",""
822,"Chen's Empty Keg","Good stuff, that stormstout, huh?$B$BI have another recipe that I learned from Chen. Would you be interested? It won't take long to make, and it might be useful if you plan on adventuring some more.$B$BBring me 5 lightning glands from any stormhide, 1 thunderhawk saliva gland from greater thunderhawks, and a kodo liver from any of the Barrens' kodos.$B$BLike I said, this stuff has kick; it's the trogg brew that I mentioned to you before.","Bring 5 Lightning Glands, 1 Thunderhawk Saliva Gland and 1 Kodo Liver to Brewmaster Drohn in Ratchet.","Haha! I knew you couldn't resist some of this brew. Come back again anytime you want some more, $N. Just bring me more of the ingredients I had you collect.","","","","",""
823,"Report to Orgnil","We at Sen'jin Village are not without our own troubles, and we thank you for your aid.  But the news you bring regarding the Burning Blade could be trouble for everyone.$B$BThere is an orc stationed at Razor Hill, Orgnil Soulscar, who polices Durotar from evils such as the Burning Blade!  Go to Orgnil and tell him of our plight, as well as your news from the Valley of Trials.  He will want to know these things.$B$BRazor Hill lies to the north.","Speak with Orgnil Soulscar in Razor Hill.","Yes? You have something to report? Well then, let's have it!","","","","",""
824,"Je'neu of the Earthen Ring","The Earthen Ring is a shamanistic group dedicated to studying and preserving the elements.  They have forgotten more about crazy old gods, ancient legends and lore than most scholars will ever know.$B$BLucky for you, I know someone in the Earthen Ring here in Ashenvale.  Head over to Zoram'gar Outpost on the coast of the Zoram Strand; show Je'neu Sancrea what you found.  If anyone can figure out that globe's significance, it'd be him.","Bring the Befouled Water Globe to Je'neu Sancrea at Zoram'gar Outpost, Ashenvale.","This globe... it is most disturbing.  Many of the more powerful elementals receive their power and energy through such devices.  To find one like this nearly intact is one thing - to find it so tainted is another.$B$BI will see that this globe is studied properly by the Earthen Ring.  Perhaps we can bring an end to this corruption of the elements.  Please - accept this as a fair exchange for bringing this globe to the attention of the Earthen Ring.","","","","",""
825,"From The Wreckage....","One of my most observant scouts brings back word that the wreckage of Proudmoore's fleet still remains off the coast of Durotar, just east of Tiragarde Keep.$b$bIt is no secret that the humans, in alliance with those foul little creatures known as gnomes, have an advanced knowledge of mechanics. We must have a complete understanding of all our potential enemies. And our people will benefit from this new knowledge as well.$b$bSwim through the wreckage, $n, and retrieve for me the tools of the Alliance.","Gar'Thok of Razor Hill wants you to retrieve 3 Gnomish Tools from the wreckage off the coast.","Your recovery mission was a success, $C. I will see to it that these tools get to Orgrimmar with the next caravan.$b$bNicely done.","","","","",""
826,"Zalazane","The witchdoctor Zalazane dwells on the Echo Isles to the east.  They are the isles we once called home.$B$BFrom there he sends his trolls to the mainland, to hex our people and drag more of them under his sway.$B$BHe must be stopped.$B$BDefeat Zalazane and his minions -- former Darkspear trolls, now lost to us.  Bring me his head and I will know his reign of evil is over.","Defeat Zalazane.$B$BKill 8 Voodoo Trolls and 8 Hexed Trolls.$B$BBring Zalazane's Head to Gadrin.","With Zalazane gone, our tribe can again sleep in peace.$b$bThank you, $N. The Darkspear tribe owes you much. If you suffer from an ailment, visit my assistant Bom'bay, behind me. His voodoo is strong...","","","","",""
827,"Skull Rock","$N.  The Burning Blade has infested the cave east of Orgrimmar known as Skull Rock.  Inside that cave they perform vile rituals, and burn their own flesh with Searing Collars.$B$BBy wearing these collars, I believe the cultists attune themselves to demonic power.  But to confirm this, I must have a collection of the collars to study.$B$BGo to Skull Rock and gather Searing Collars from the cultists you find there.  Bring them to me, and I will uncover their secrets.","Gather Searing Collars from the cultists in Skull Rock.$B$BBring them to Margoz at his camp.","Good. Hiding within these collars is the secret behind the Burning Blade. And I will uncover that secret...","","","","",""
828,"Margoz","One of our Shamans, Margoz, knows more of the Burning Blade's corruption.  He speaks of a cave called Skull Rock in the mountains - just outside Orgrimmar! - that shelters a large band of Burning Blade cultists.$B$BBefore you go to Skull Rock speak with Margoz.  He is wise and his council is valued.$B$BHe is camped to the northeast, between the coast and Drygulch Ravine.$B$BFollow his advice, but whatever Margoz says, $N, I still want you to crush those cultists!","Speak with Margoz.","Welcome, $N. Word reached me of your coming, and of your exploits in Durotar.$b$bYou are a $C of growing skill and renown.$b$bStay on the pure path, and your future will be great indeed.","","","","",""
829,"Neeru Fireblade","The Searing Collars you brought me are powerful, demonic implements.  Divining their origin is, I'm afraid, beyond my skills as a shaman.  We will need a warlock to study them.$B$BTake a searing collar to Neeru Fireblade.  Although he is a skilled warlock, he professes to use his powers to thwart demons, and claims his research in the occult is benign.  Be that true or false, we may need his aid against the demonic cult in Durotar.$B$BYou may find Neeru in Orgrimmar in the Cleft of Shadow.","Bring an Example Collar to Neeru Fireblade in Orgrimmar.","Ah, and where did you get this? Good Margoz in Razor Hill sent you to me, did he?$b$bWell, let me take a closer look...","","","","",""
830,"The Admiral's Orders","You open the aged and weathered envelope and discover an official looking document. You recognize the seal of Admiral Proudmoore.$b$bThis looks important. Perhaps Gar'Thok, the commander of Razor Hill, would be interested in having this information.","Take Admiral Proudmoore's Orders to Gar'Thok in Razor Hill.","This does not bode well at all. You were wise to bring this information to my attention.","","","","",""
831,"The Admiral's Orders","Humans cannot be trusted. We fought alongside them with a weary heart, knowing they would betray us one day.$b$bAdmiral Proudmoore's death was not enough to stop his legacy of deceit. The human scum had his plans well laid out before he ever met his demise.$b$bHis reign won't even die with Benedict it seems. Who knows how long it will be before the next waves of Proudmoore's men land upon our shores.$b$bWe need to get these orders to Nazgrel in Orgrimmar immediately! He can be found in Thrall's chamber.","Deliver Admiral Proudmoore's Orders to Nazgrel in Thrall's chamber in Orgrimmar.","Countless times I urged the Warchief not to trust the humans, but personal pride is not what is at stake here.$b$bYou have served the Horde honorably, young $C.$b$bNow excuse me, I must counsel Thrall on these matters at once....","","","","",""
832,"Burning Shadows","<Words emanate from the pendant and into your mind.>$B$BGazz'uz?$B$BGazz'uz...report!$B$BThere is word of your discovery in Skull Rock.  You must prepare for an attack!$B$BGazz'uz, I order you to speak!  Speak or I will make sure Neeru Fireblade knows of your presence, and he will descend on you with swift brutality.$B$BDo not test your skills against Neeru...$B$B...Gazz'uz, are you there...?","Take this eye to Neeru Fireblade.","<Examines the Eye of Burning Shadow>$b$bIntriguing. The voice you heard mentioned my name? I am known for hunting down enemies of our Warchief, but...it is strange that I was singled out. Stranger still that the Burning Blade cultists from whom you recovered this pendant have a name so close to my own.$b$bI must study this pendant. I must study and, and must ponder the meaning of its message.$b$bThank you for bringing this to my attention, $N. You have done your people a great service.","","","","",""
833,"A Sacred Burial","Only the most valiant tauren are laid to rest at Red Rocks, our sacred burial ground. It is an honor bestowed upon the great warriors who helped found and defend Thunder Bluff and those who have given their lives for the greater good of their tribes and chieftains.$b$bBut it appears a foul menace has made its way onto our holy land. A band of Bristleback Interlopers is ravaging the grave site and I am too old and past my prime to drive them away.$b$bThey must be driven off with force, $n.","Lorekeeper Raintotem wants you to kill 8 Bristleback Interlopers at Red Rocks.","Well done. You have sent those foul Bristlebacks a clear message. They will think twice before attempting to meddle in this holy spot again.","","","","",""
834,"Winds in the Desert","I'm Rezlak, one of Gazlowe's boys. Boss sent me to help the orcs here in Durotar. Things'd been going good except for the caravans. Can't manage to keep them safe! Makes my job a little harder, you know?$b$bThe last shipment--they promised it'd get through!--was snatched by the Dustwind harpies of...where was it...Razorwind Canyon?$b$bI gotta have those supplies or I'll never get anything done! Follow the big canyon to the south, you'll find the ravine cut right into the west and east sides of the walls.","Retrieve 5 Sacks of Supplies and return them to Rezlak near Orgrimmar.","Hey, now isn't that just the thing! You've got our supplies back for us. That's great. I'll be able to get back to work just as soon as I can find someone to haul these sacks for me.","","","","",""
835,"Securing the Lines","Gazlowe told me once, \"Rezlak. There's one thing you need to know in life, and that's if you want something done well, do it yourself.\"$b$bI can't deal with losing all our caravans, so I'm just going to take matters into my own hands. Drygulch Ravine lies through the eastern part of Razorwind Canyon. If we kill all the harpies there, the routes will be safe.$b$bOf course, there was one other thing that Gazlowe taught me, and that's \"You can get anything done for a price.\" So, going to help me out, $n?","Kill 12 Dustwind Savages and 8 Dustwind Storm Witches for Rezlak near Drygulch Ravine.","I think I can breathe easy now, knowing that the harpies won't be bothering our supply caravans anymore. And not one moment too soon, either. I hear I'm being sent some fun little toys with the next shipment!$B$BYou're pretty good at what you do, $N, you ought to track down my boss in Ratchet. I'll bet he could find some work for you.$B$BOh, and don't worry, I wouldn't forget to pay you for the service you provided me.","","","","",""
836,"Rescue OOX-09/HL!","The gnome's voice crackles once again from the robot:$B$B\"I need to move OOX-09/HL to an open, safe place so it can begin a lengthy take-off procedure.  It has built-in cloaking, but I need time on my end to make it operational again.  Escort the robot from its current location to, let's say, the shoreline beyond Overlook Cliff!  That should be a perfect place, and long enough, to get things online!\"$B$B\"Escort it safely to the shore, and then come talk to me in Booty Bay!  Oglethorpe Obnoticus - out!\"","Escort OOX-09/HL to the shoreline beyond Overlook Cliff, then report to Oglethorpe Obnoticus in Booty Bay.","Oh, YOU'RE the great savior of OOX-09/HL! I cannot even begin to express my thanks for your assistance! My homing robot series needs more development, but your recovery has saved me countless hours of extra rebuilding time, as well as many gold pieces in manufacture costs!$b$bPlease, take your choice of any of these items I have. Thank you again for your generous assistance $N, my robots and I are in your debt!","Escort OOX-09/HL to the shoreline beyond Overlook Cliff","","","",""
837,"Encroachment","When we arrived, the Razormane quilboars possessed much of the land, and proved a thorn in our sides. Through our efforts we have driven out the largest part of their numbers, but still they remain well-fortified in some areas.$b$bIt has gone on long enough, however. For our own protection, we cannot allow the Razormane any hold in our lands. Their camps can be found to the west of here. Look for the brambles and you will find them. Today we drive them from Durotar, tomorrow, perhaps from all of Kalimdor.","Kill 4 Razormane Quilboars, 4 Razormane Scouts, 4 Razormane Dustrunners and 4 Razormane Battleguards for Gar'Thok at Razor Hill.","I will pass along word that the quilboars have been removed from their lairs, and that their structures may be set to fire. The removal of the Razormane from Durotar brings us closer to fully securing the borders of our new homeland.","","","","",""
838,"Scholomance","On the island of Caer Darrow lies Scholomance - a school that serves as a stronghold for the Scourge.  Our enemy dwells within, safely allowed to pursue research that strengthens their power.  A door bars the way, and try as we might no entry is to be had without a proper key.$B$BApothecary Dithers is well versed on Scholomance, and has an idea how to obtain a key.  You have proved your value to me as someone who can get things done; I now entrust this task to you.  Speak with him on this matter.","Speak with Apothecary Dithers at the Bulwark, Western Plaguelands.","Yes, $C, the High Executor mentioned you might be the one to trust in the matter of they key. I've dedicated a fair portion of my recent studies to the Scholomance, and I believe I know a means by which you can acquire one that will let you past the front door at will.$b$bThis task will not be easy, but such tasks seldom are. You most assuredly look like the type to know this as fact.","","","","",""
840,"Conscript of the Horde","Hmm, you look pretty strong.$B$BListen, my good friend Kargal needs some new recruits for Barrens duty. I know you want to do what's right for the Horde. Well, this is your chance.$B$BTake this recruitment letter to Kargal and see if he'll sign it.","Follow the western road from Razor Hill to the Barrens over a bridge.$B$BStop at the orc outpost across the bridge.$B$BGive Kargal Battlescar at the Barrens outpost your recruitment letter.","Oh, so Takrin sent you? He's an excellent scout, I'm not sure what I'd do without him.$B$BI'll sign your recruitment letter, but what we really need is someone at the Crossroads.","","","","",""
841,"Another Power Source?","Let me guess - you didn't get whatever world-ending, nefarious deed you were doing done in time.  No wait, better still... you dropped it in the sand!  Well, whatever the reason, I do have additional power sources I will sell to you.  This time, however, it will cost you ten, YES TEN Wastewander Water Pouches!$B$BTimes are tough all around, $n, and power sources don't grow on trees!  Hrm, but what if they did.  Maybe we could MAKE a power source tree...","Bring 10 Wastewander Water Pouches to Chief Engineer Bilgewhizzle in Gadgetzan in exchange for another power source.","Very well, here is another power source. I highly recommend you using it properly this time, unless you are eager to spend ten more water pouches for another water source.","","","","",""
842,"Crossroads Conscription","Take this signed recruitment letter to the Crossroads.$B$BSergra Darkthorn, curse her hide, is in charge there. She's a nasty shaman who will talk your head in circles before she lets you do anything useful. Thrall is convinced she's something special, but I'm not so sure.$B$BYou'll just have to decide for yourself, pup...","Follow the western road from Kargal's Far Watch Outpost.$B$BAt the T intersection, turn left and follow the road south. $B$BFind Sergra Darkthorn at the crossing of roads within the Crossroads.","Alright, $N. You want to earn your keep with the Horde? Well there's plenty to do here, so listen close and do what you're told.$b$b $gI see that look in your eyes, do not think I will tolerate any insolence. Thrall himself has declared the Hordes females to be on equal footing with you men. Disrespect me in the slightest, and you will know true pain. : I'm happy to have met you. Thrall will be glad to know that more females like you and I are taking the initiative to push forward in the Barrens.;","","","","",""
843,"Gann's Reclamation","In solitude I wander these roads.$b$bThe dwarves of Bael Modan show no respect for my land. Horrendous blasts drive holes deep into the ground as noisy machines rip apart the hills. Lands which once served as home and provider to my tribe are now riddled with destructive dwarves.$b$bAttempts at reaching a diplomatic resolution have failed. Now is the time for decisive action.$b$bDrive the dwarves from the Bael Modan excavation by force and bring to me the journal of their leader, Prospector Khazgorm.","Gann Stonespire wants you to kill 15 Bael'dun Excavators and 5 Bael'dun Foremen.$b$bBring Khazgorm's Journal to Gann Stonespire.","Khazgorm met the fate he earned. I feel no remorse for the fool. He was an infidel on these lands.$b$bMay his death serve as a warning to all those who threaten to disrupt our way of life.$b$bNow let me take a moment to study the dwarf's journal....","","","","",""
844,"Plainstrider Menace","Your first prey will be easy.$B$BThe plainstriders to the east have been harassing our food supplies and have become a nuisance.$B$BPut down the plainstriders and return to me with their beaks.","Collect 7 Plainstrider Beaks and return them to Sergra Darkthorn in the Crossroads.","Very good, $N.  With the plainstriders gone we'll have an easier time keeping our supply chains intact.  And I hope you learned a few tricks out there in the Barrens, for your next prey has a little more fire in its blood than the plainstriders...","","","","",""
845,"The Zhevra","The zhevra, although not the fiercest beast in the Barrens, are a shade tougher than the plainstriders.  Don't worry -- we'll send you against bigger prey in good time, but for now your teeth could use a little more cutting.$B$BHunt the zhevra to the north and south, and collect their hooves.  Bring them to me and perhaps we'll next send you against something tougher.","Slay Zhevra Runners to collect 4 Zhevra Hooves for Sergra Darkthorn in the Crossroads.","Not bad, $N.  Those zhevra hold a lot of strength in their legs.  A sharp kick from them can knock even a tauren on its haunches!$B$BIt looks like you have some strength in you too.  Are you ready for a real challenge?","","","","",""
846,"Revenge of Gann","It is clear the prospector depended on explosives and those noisy vehicles to rip the ground apart. We can expect a new foreman to take over soon.$b$bI want to give the dwarves a taste of their own medicine. According to these plans if we combine nitroglycerin with wood pulp and sodium nitrate we can create an explosive charge. The rifleman, soldiers and officers in the Keep are known to have the supplies.$b$bCollect these items and bring them to me. I will fashion a charge that the dwarves wont forget!","Gann Stonespire wants you to bring him 6 vials of Nitroglycerin, 6 bundles of Wood Pulp, and 6 samples of Sodium Nitrate.","I see you are quite industrious, $c.$b$bNo doubt we shall soon have a fitting surprise for those dwarves.","","","","",""
847,"Guile of the Raptor","This... this power.... Is this the power of the shamans that Tor'gan tried to show me? I must say, it is interesting. Tell Tor'gan that he has convinced me... for the time being. I will listen to what he has to say.","Speak with Tor'gan.","When the enchantment wears off, I will speak with Gor'mul. My thanks to you for your help in returning Gor'mul to the land of the living. I have no doubt he thanks you greatly as well.","","","","",""
848,"Fungal Spores","The oases of the Barrens hide a mystery.  Life energy flows from their waters, invigorating the plants and beasts that drink it.$B$BInvigorating, and altering.$B$BThere is a mushroom that grows near these oases.  Its spores hold properties that we, the apothecaries of Lordaeron, find useful.$B$BBring me these spores and you will earn our gratitude.","Bring 4 Fungal Spores to Apothecary Helbrim at the Crossroads.","Ah, yes.  These are good specimens.  Potent.$B$BI am Forsaken, and we honor our contracts.  Here is your reward, $N.","","","","",""
849,"Revenge of Gann","Following Khazgorm's plans it should be no problem to fashion an explosive charge$b$bAh, there we go.$b$bNow, $n, I am going to entrust you with a special task. Take this explosive stick and use it to blow up the flying machine at Bael Modan.$b$bNot only is the flying machine a key part of the site's infrastructure it also serves as a weapon of war. More importantly it is an icon of power and an insult to the memory of my tribe.$b$bMake me proud by completing this heroic task and you shall be rewarded.","Destroy the flying machine at Bael Modan and return to Gann Stonespire.","You have done well, $n! May you be revered in Thunder Bluff as a defender of sacred tauren lands and a champion of the lost tribe.","","Bael Modan Flying Machine destroyed","","",""
850,"Kolkar Leaders","The centaurs have plagued the Tauren for years.  And recently, the Kolkar centaurs of the Barrens have grown into a real threat.  Normally they were disorganized in these lands, but new leaders have risen among them.  Rallying them.$B$BTo preserve our holdings here, these centaur leaders must be destroyed.$B$BBring me the head of Barak Kodobane.  He camps near the Forgotten Pools to the north.$B$BDefeat him, then return to me.","Bring Barak's Head to Regthar Deathgate, west of the Crossroads.","Well done, $N.  The centaur are low, brutish creatures, but a few have the wit and vision to lead.  And those are the most dangerous.$B$BBarak was such a centaur.  It is good that he is dead.","","","","",""
851,"Verog the Dervish","The centaur Verog the Dervish wanders the Barrens, and will be difficult to find.  But he is based at the centaur command tent at the Stagnant Oasis to the southeast.  It may be possible to draw him to you.$B$BTravel to the Stagnant Oasis to the southeast and attack centaur near the command tent.  It will be dangerous, but if you can kill enough centaur then they should raise an alarm.  And Verog will come.$B$BBring me his head and I will place it with Barak Kodobane's.","Bring Verog's Head to Regthar Deathgate, west of the Crossroads.","Very good.  You must have really stirred up those centaur -- our guards spotted activity down near the Stagnant Oasis, which was probably you.$B$BYou should be proud of your deed, $N.  There is much bravery in you.","","","","",""
852,"Hezrul Bloodmark","Hezrul Bloodmark is the leader of the Kolkar centaurs in the Barrens.  He is fierce, brutal and cunning.  Defeating him would disrupt and fracture the Kolkars, greatly reducing their threat to us.$B$BSo kill him.  As with Barak and Verog, bring me Hezrul's Head.$B$BHe leads his people from the Lushwater Oasis, to the south.","Bring Hezrul's Head to Regthar Deathgate, west of the Crossroads.","I commend you, $N.  These centaur are undisciplined and cannot focus their rage as the orcs can, but they are fierce nonetheless.  In defeating them, your valor is proven.","","","","",""
853,"Apothecary Zamah","I have rendered the spores you gave me into an emulsion.  I must now send it to my associate, Apothecary Zamah.  If you were to carry this to her, she can offer you something from our stores of alchemical goods.$B$BShe is in the Pools of Vision, a cave beneath the shamans of Thunder Bluff.  The path to this cave is well hidden, but you may find it on the Spirit Rise bluff.$B$BDo hurry.  This emulsion will maintain its potency for only a short time, and must be resealed and processed before then.","Bring the Rendered Spores to Apothecary Zamah in Thunder Bluff, before the time limit is up.","Ah, the spores from the Barrens that Helbrim was gathering.  He garnered your aid in delivering them?  Good.$B$BAnd the emulsion is still potent, so you must have wasted no time in the delivery.  Well done, $c.","","","","",""
854,"Journey to the Crossroads","I have foreseen your arrival, young $c. Though perhaps you are not so young anymore.$B$BI think that it is time for you to move deeper into this land. I can sense that you are destined for great things.$B$BIt is the Crossroads that you must seek out, for our lives with the orcs have become intertwined and they need assistance. Continue down this road towards the east and follow it north to the Crossroads. Find Thork within its walls, he has the Earthmother's blessing.","Speak with Thork at the Crossroads in the Barrens.","It is good to see that more of our $r allies have come to assist us from as far away as Thunder Bluff. Again, I welcome you.","","","","",""
855,"Centaur Bracers","The Kolkar are a threat to the Horde's claims in the Barrens; we must reduce the numbers of their troops.  And so, I have a bounty task for you.$B$BWhile in Kolkar territories, slay their warriors and collect centaur bracers.  Return when you have a heap of bracers and the Horde will reward you well.","Bring 15 Centaur Bracers to Regthar Deathgate, west of the Crossroads.","Nicely done.  I'm sure you've struck fear into the surviving centaurs, $N.  If they have sense, they'll now calm themselves and stop their advances.$B$BBut I don't think they will, and that is unfortunate.$B$BUnfortunate...for them.","","","","",""
857,"The Tear of the Moons","The power was mine! In my very hands! And I want it back! Back I say!$b$bThose dirty excavators uncovered it... so beautiful it was. Deemed the Tear of the Moons, it was the first great discovery we made at Bael Modan.$b$bIt should have been mine! Mine I say!$b$bGeneral Twinbraid grew jealous of the power it gave me. He locked it away in the Keep. Called it cursed, he did! The fool!$b$bOthers wanted it and they had to be stopped! That bastard Twinbraid drove me off.$b$bNow I want it back. Back I say!","Feegly the Exiled wants you to retrieve for him the Tear of the Moons.","At last, the power is mine again! Mine I say!","","","","",""
858,"Ignition","I don't suppose Sputtervalve sent you? I'm in a bind here. I hopped in without realizing that I need a key to unlock the shredder's movement column. One of the other shredder operators asked me if everything was okay, and I panicked! Instead of telling him that I was missing my key, I told him there was some sort of mechanical problem.$b$bWe need to get out of here on the double! Go up to the control room at the top of the derrick, the supervisor should have a key for this shredder.$b$bHelp me out here!","Get the Ignition Key and bring it to Wizzlecrank.","Yep, this looks like the right key. Let me just make sure I know how to work this thing...$b$bHmm... rotation control... This regulates speed and stability... fine arm movement control. Just look at this! I can't believe the Venture Company could design something this much better than ours. I've got to get this back to Ratchet!","","","","",""
860,"Sergra Darkthorn","If you wish to walk the hunter's path, then your journey leads to the Barrens.  Its beasts are strong-willed and fierce.  You will learn much by hunting there, and your spirit will grow.$B$BSpeak with Sergra Darkthorn.  She will be your first guide in the Barrens.$B$BSergra is at the Crossroads.  To reach her, travel east from Bloodhoof Village into the Barrens, then north as the road forks.  And have care as you travel--the Barrens holds great danger for the unprepared and unwary.","Speak with Sergra Darkthorn at the Crossroads.","You want to hunt in the Barrens?$B$BYour eyes are eager, and young.  They're not yet squinted from tracking your prey across this land's dry plains.$B$BBut worry not. We'll toughen your body and your mind.  And we'll teach you that there is more to hunting than finding and killing your quarry.$B$BPrepare yourself.  Your journey begins.  Now.","","","","",""
861,"The Hunter's Way","You are eager to explore, I can tell.  I too had the lust to wander, once...$B$BWander, and hunt.  For hunting is a Tauren's greatest honor.$B$BIf you truly wish to follow the ways of the hunter, then Melor Stonehoof can show you the path.  He is in Thunder Bluff, on the Hunter's Rise.$B$BAnd to show him your skill and resolve, bring him the claws of the flatland prowlers of Mulgore.  They are tough and cunning -- fitting prey for a young $c on the hunter's path.","Bring 4 Flatland Prowler Claws to Melor Stonehoof in Thunder Bluff.","Skorn Whitecloud is a wise tauren.  He has hunted for years and years, and although his body is old, his spirit burns fiercely.  We are honored to have him with us.$B$BIf Skorn sent you to me, then  you too must have the hunter's spirit.  And to have gathered these claws shows your burgeoning skills.$B$BPerhaps you are ready to walk the path.","","","","",""
862,"Dig Rat Stew","A $c like you must get pretty hungry out here in The Barrens. Me, I'm starving all day long.$b$bTell you what, I'll fix you up a nice stew. Just need a few dig rats.$b$bSeems those filthy dwarves at Bael Modan are overrun with everyone's favorite feast. Now head on down south to Bael Modan and bring me back some dig rats.$b$bYou can't call yourself a seasoned adventurer until you've spent some time killing rats! Haw!","Bring 8 Dig Rats to Grub east of the Crossroads.","Normally I don't like to eat these rodents when they're so.... so... ripe. Like to let them rot for a few weeks to really bring out the flavor. But you look so hungry.$B$BLet me fix you some Dig Rat Stew. Ah, there we go.$B$BHere you go!","","","","",""
863,"The Escape","I suppose I'll learn as we go... Couldn't be too hard. Just some buttons here, and a lever or two... Well, are you ready to go?","Protect Wizzlecrank and the stolen goblin shredder on the way to Sputtervalve in Ratchet.","Hopefully we'll be able to get something of value from the wrecked shredder prototype... my time's running out! I'll dispatch a salvage team to Wizzlecrank's location on the double.$b$bOh, let me give you something for your trouble, too.","Escort Wizzlecrank out of the Venture Co. drill site","","","",""
864,"Return to Apothecary Zinge","\"Here you go, the power source is safely removed and the data is preserved.  Well, safe journeys and all that.  Hope the nefarious science experiment worked out for you and all.\"$B$BThe goblin turns away from you to attend to the demands of the Gadgetzan Water Company.  You secure the sealed testing kit for the journey back to the Undercity.  Apothecary Zinge waits for you and the sealed field testing kit there.","Bring the Sealed Field Testing Kit to Apothecary Zinge in the Undercity.","I will analyze this data immediately.  Perhaps Keever's insanity will prove to be my genius after all.$B$BAs for you...  you are useful to me, and I reward quite well those who remain useful.  Take this item, this coin, and most importantly my thanks along with them.$B$BCheck back with me from time to time - I wager that our working together on this project is not at an end.","","","","",""
865,"Raptor Horns","The raptors of the Barrens are smarter than raptors in other lands.  And I think all that smarts is hiding in their horns!  If so, then I could grind their horns into powder and use it to make \"smart drinks.\"  I could sell them for a fortune!!!$B$BAnd you can help me.  Find me intact raptor horns from sunscale scytheclaws.  They roam in the southern Barrens, and in the northern Barrens near the border of Ashenvale Forest.","Gather 5 Intact Raptor Horns from Sunscale Scytheclaws, and bring them to Mebok Mizzyrix in Ratchet.","Great, you got them!  Now I just need to ground them down and mix them with some wine, and...","","","","",""
866,"Root Samples","The herbs of the Barrens are not quite like herbs in other lands.  Their properties are mostly the same, but the oasis water here alters the plants; they are just slightly different.$B$BI want to study those differences... to see if they're exploitable!$B$BIf you are skilled in herbalism, then gather root samples off the herbs you find in the Barrens.  Bring back these samples so that I may compare them with herbs from other regions.","Bring 8 Root Samples to Mebok Mizzyrix in Ratchet.","Yes yes, these are very nice! I will grow specimens from these roots and study them. I hope to find new properties from them. Hidden, valuable properties...!$B$BAnd don't worry -- if I do then you'll be the first to know. Because I'll need someone to gather more!","","","","",""
867,"Harpy Raiders","The blasted harpies have been ravaging our caravan supplies for too long. It's time we slit a few of their throats and diminished their numbers.$B$BI've been snooping around their nests and figured out who leads who. The most devastating attack will destroy a good section of their lower chain of command and then we can work our way to the top.$B$BI'll start you off slow, take out Witchwing Harpies and Witchwing Roguefeathers in the Northwest and bring me 8 Witchwing talons. That should be a good start...","Collect 8 Witchwing talons.$B$BReturn them to Darsok Swiftdagger at the Crossroads.","Oh, these are nice. Real nice... Good job, $n. I look forward to seeing more of your work in the future.","","","","",""
868,"Egg Hunt","Hey, $N. I been sent to the Crossroads to watch over the land and take note of its happenings for my masters in Orgrimmar.$B$BOne object of my studies are the insect-like creatures found to the south in the Field of Giants. We know little of the creatures, so I be makin'  it a point to discover more. They seem to have intelligence to them, more so than any normal animal.$B$BTake this digging claw and collect some of the creatures' eggs from their mounds, but be careful: if alerted, they will attack you.","Bring 12 Silithid Eggs and the Digging Claw to Korran at the Crossroads.","You please me, $N. The eggs and the tool. Well done.$B$BAnd for your reward...","","","","",""
869,"Raptor Thieves","Not long ago, a shipment of silver was stolen from our guard tower.  It was meant as payroll to the Crossroads' guards, and we want that silver back.$B$BThe strange thing is... we caught one of the thieves on the night of the theft.  And... it was a raptor!  Unbelievable!$B$BI don't know what raptors would want with silver.  But I don't care -- I want the raptors dead so they won't steal from us again!$B$BHunt raptors in the Barrens.  Collect for me their heads!","Bring 12 Raptor Heads to Gazrog at the Crossroads.","You got rid of the raptors!$B$BThank you, $N.  You are a $c of worth.","","","","",""
870,"The Forgotten Pools","Long ago, the Barrens was a lush place, teeming with life.  But war and cataclysm raged across the land, scorching it and leaving a dry husk.  Such is the way of things, and it saddens my heart.$B$BBut within the past few years, new oases have formed in the Barrens, and life stirs.  And deep down, we druids sense a power leaking its way to the surface.$B$BWe must find its source.  Travel to the Forgotten Pools, northwest of the Crossroads.  Search its waters for a source of power, then return here.","Report back to Tonga Runetotem with your findings.","You found a fissure in the earth, with gases bubbling from it?  Strange.  This may be an answer to our questions, but we cannot yet be sure.$B$BBut it is a clue.  And I am grateful that you found it.","Explore the waters of the Forgotten Pools","","","",""
871,"Disrupt the Attacks","All the quilboars are our enemies, $N. Some just prove to be more of a nuisance than others.$B$BThe Razormane tribe has been attacking our supply lines from Durotar, causing us no end of annoyance. I have scouts seeking the leader of these raids, but until then, any losses you can inflict on the filthy pig men would aid us.$B$BStart in the northeast towards Durotar. You can always tell their dens from the huge thorny vines that come up from the earth. Seek them out, and slay them.","Of the Razormane tribe, kill 8 Water Seekers, 8 Thornweavers and 3 Hunters, and then return to Thork in the Crossroads.","You have done well, $N. Those insolent quilboars will finally learn that the might of the Horde is not to be ignored.","","","","",""
872,"The Disruption Ends","One of my scouts witnessed an attack on a caravan from Durotar, $N. The culprits are indeed the Razormane tribe of quilboars. One of the quilboars in particular is leading the raids: Kreenig Snarlsnout. He was seen northeast of here, just south of the road from Durotar. If the threat is to be ended, then Kreenig must die.$B$BTo be sure the attacks cease, though, I say we add insult to their injury. Kill Kreenig along with more of their tribe, and return to me when you have his tusk.","Kill 8 Razormane Geomancers, 8 Razormane Defenders, and Kreenig Snarlsnout.$B$BThen bring Kreenig Snarlsnout's Tusk to Thork at the Crossroads.","Well done, $N. With Kreenig's death, there will be a definite decline in the attacks on our caravans.$B$BYour people should be proud to count you among them.","","","","",""
873,"Isha Awak","The grand Isha Awak is lord of these waters.  Great is his strength, and solemn his pride.  The humans on the coast fear him, for he has consumed many of their number.$B$BBut I do not fear him.  I am grateful he is here.  He is a worthy challenge, and honorable prey.$B$BIf you are ready, then swim out and search for Isha Awak, the Deep Doom.$B$BHis spirit dwells in his heart, and to hear its beat is to know your fate.","Bring the Heart of Isha Awak to Mahren Skyseer.","You now are one with Isha Awak, $N. His spirit is with you. He lurks in your eyes...$B$BEyes that, one day, will learn to see.","","","","",""
874,"Mahren Skyseer","You have hunted the beasts of the Barrens.  Your spirit is strong.  But a hunter must always be prepared.  A true hunter can stalk prey down any path.  Mountains and swamps will not sway $ghim:her;.$B$BNot even the sea.$B$BFind my sister, Mahren.  She hunts the great water beasts along the coast.  She will be your teacher in their ways.$B$BBut be wary in your search for her, for the Barrens' coast is held by humans.","Speak with Mahren Skyseer.","My brother sent you, did he?  Then you must have proven yourself to him.  If you have earned the respect of Jorn, then you have my respect as well.$B$BAre you ready to tread farther down the hunter's path?","","","","",""
875,"Harpy Lieutenants","Hahaha, $n. Back for more? Good, I like to hear that.$B$BThis time I want you to assassinate some of the harpy lieutenants in the Dry Hills. Only Witchwing Slayers can be lieutenants, and you can tell them apart by the rings they carry. They are a nasty bunch, but they lead some of the underlings in that area. Taking out 6 of them will be a decisive strike against their matriarchy.$B$BMake sure they die painfully, $n. We want those harpy wenches to know the idiocy of picking fights with the Horde.","Collect 6 Harpy Lieutenant Rings from Witchwing Slayers and return them to Darsok Swiftdagger at the Crossroads.","Excellent work my friend. I think you'll go far within the Horde.","","","","",""
876,"Serena Bloodfeather","You did so well with the lieutenants and underlings that I'd like you to do one last thing for me.$B$BSerena Bloodfeather is the sister of a harpy named Bloodfeather who was slain by Rexxar quite a while ago. Apparently, these attacks on the Horde caravans are revenge for her sister's death.$B$BI need you to slit her throat and bring me back her head. I want to place it on the next caravan we send out... Give those harpies something to think about.","Slay Serena Bloodfeather and return her head to Darsok Swiftdagger at the Crossroads.","HA! Well done, $n! Very well done... I wasn't sure you were up to the task, but you've proved yourself quite the cut-throat. Thank you again for helping us suppress the Harpy epidemic. Here is your reward, use it well.","","","","",""
877,"The Stagnant Oasis","Like the one you found at the Forgotten Pools, there may be fissures at the other oases in the Barrens.  If so, then perhaps the fissures are the oases' source of life.$B$BWe must test this.$B$BHere, take these seeds.  They are dead and infertile, but take them to the Stagnant Oasis to the southeast.  If there is a fissure there, then place the seeds within it...and observe.","Return to Tonga at The Crossroads, after investigating the Stagnant Oasis.","Your findings are amazing!  The seeds I gave you were dried, and dead.  Whatever rests under these oases can create life from nothing!$B$BWe must study this more...","","Test the Dried Seeds","","",""
878,"Tribes at War","You must strike my enemies. <snort> You must help Mangletooth and the Razormane by weakening the Bristlebacks. Both tribes are very spiritual--tied to the earth and its power. <snort> It gives us strength in all things... especially war.$B$BIf you want to find out who really causes Thork <snort> and the Horde such anguish, then help Mangletooth! You attack the spiritual leaders of the Bristlebacks to the north; weaken them so the Razormanes can defeat them and rule the Barrens.","Kill 6 Bristleback Water Seekers, 12 Bristleback Thornweavers and 12 Bristleback Geomancers and return to Mangletooth at Camp Taurajo in the Barrens.","Yes, yes... filled with joy because finally <snort> the Bristleback know my tribe's pain, $r. That is how I should feel, but that <snort> is not the case.$B$BYou aid your people and they honor you. Mangletooth aids his people, and what do they do? They turn their backs on him. They forget him and leave him to rot in cage!$B$BI aid them even from locked behind bars and they send no one to save me!","","","","",""
879,"Betrayal from Within","Three of my tribe came out of the Kraul to lead the raids against the Horde, $r. <snort> They are ruthless and cunning, and if you defeat them, then your Crossroads and even most of the Barrens will learn peace... <snort> at least from the Razormane tribe. <snort>$B$BNak, Kuz, and Lok Orcbane are the ones you seek. They are far to the south  of the Barrens. One is a spell caster, another a tracker, and their leader, the one called Orcbane, <snort> a warrior. Kill them, $r, like they have killed me.","Kill Nak, Kuz, and Lok Orcbane and bring their skulls to Mangletooth at Camp Taurajo in the Barrens.","It is done then. Better it ends this way, says Mangletooth. <snort> They should have <snort> made sure I was dead when they turned their backs on me instead of leaving <snort> me here in this forsaken cage.$B$BThere is but one task left for you to finish, $r.","","","","",""
880,"Altered Beings","Your findings are incredible, $N.  These oases hold properties that must come from an outside source.  Or perhaps an inside one.$B$BI want to know how these fissures are affecting the beasts who drink from the oases' water.$B$BHunt oasis snapjaws at the Lushwater and Stagnant Oases.  Bring me their shells so I may examine them.","Bring 8 Altered Snapjaw Shells to Tonga Runetotem at the Crossroads.","Thank you, $N.  Studying the beasts of an area can tell much about the area itself.  We shall see what tale these shells tell.$B$BPlease accept my gratitude for your aid ... and perhaps you can use these coins.  I find that I do not need them.","","","","",""
881,"Echeyakee","Whitemist, Echeyakee in the Tauren tongue, is the king of the savannah cats.  He hunts with such stealth, they say he's like a thin, white mist on the earth.  And he kills so fast his prey have no time for fear, or pain.$B$BThe Tauren say he is both mercy and death.$B$BYou will learn if that's true, for I now set you on the path to hunt Echeyakee.  His lair is northeast of the Crossroads, among the bones of giant Kodo$B$BGo.  Blow this horn when you reach his lair.  Blow the horn, and he will come.","Bring Echeyakee's Hide to Sergra Darkthorn at the Crossroads.","You've beaten Echeyakee, and though his days of hunting are over... his spirit is with you.  He will show you the strength found in subtlety, and the honor in mercy.$B$BYour path is still long, $c.  Let's hope you stride it well.","","","","",""
882,"Ishamuhale","Ishamuhale, Speartooth, is the fiercest sunscale raptor of the Barrens.  He does not hunt for sport, nor for food.  He hunts because hunting is his passion.  He kills because it is his nature to kill.$B$BAnd you will learn of his nature, $N, for your path now follows the taloned tracks of Ishamuhale.$B$BBegin the hunt.  Slay his favorite prey, a zhevra, then bring its carcass to the dead tree northwest of Ratchet.  Ishamuhale will smell the carcass and be drawn to it.$B$BBe ready when he comes.","Bring Ishamuhale's Fang to Jorn at Camp Taurajo.","This fang is merely a token, but what it represents is profound.$B$BIshamuhale's strength is in you, $N.  May you use it with temperance.  That is your burden.$B$BThat is your honor.","","","","",""
883,"Lakota'mani","The Hoof of Lakota'mani is a symbol of the strength of the great kodo.","Bring the Hoof of Lakota'mani to Jorn at Camp Taurajo.","Lakota'mani is called \"Earthshaker\" in our language, and his steps are like gathered thunder.  He is with you now, and his courage mingles with yours.  Together there is no conflict you cannot face.$B$BWalk tall, $N.  Walk tall, Earthshaker.","","","","",""
884,"Owatanka","When touched, sparks fly from the tailspike of Owatanka.","Bring Owatanka's Tailspike to Jorn at Camp Taurajo.","The thunder lizard Owatanka is called \"Bluebolt\" by the tauren, for within him resides a speed that belies his size.  It is said that lightning struck Bluebolt long ago and, fed from the sky's rage, the great beast's energy is without limit.$B$BMay his energy flow through you, $N.  For you now keep pace with Owatanka.","","","","",""
885,"Washte Pawne","The feather of Washte Pawne is painful to the touch.","Bring Washte Pawne's Feather to Jorn Skyseer at Camp Taurajo.","The thunderhawk is a rare beast of the Barrens, and its death can portend great fortune, or great doom.$B$BBut Washte Pawne, called \"Spirit Biter\" in Taurahe, can bring neither... or both.$B$BThe pain you felt from hunting Spirit Biter is the pang all feel who make great gains at great costs.  The sting you felt is the pain of regret.$B$BBut I can see you have conquered this.  You have learned that regret turns to wisdom, and that through pain one gains strength.$B$BYou have learned much, $N.","","","","",""
886,"The Barrens Oases","The druids of Thunder Bluff sense a strange power leaking into the Barrens, east of Mulgore.$B$BTonga Runetotem was sent to discover the source of this power, but we fear he will need aid.$B$BTravel to the Barrens and speak with Tonga.  He will be at the Crossroads.  To reach there, take the road east out of Bloodhoof village.  Enter the Barrens, then turn north when the road forks.  Continue north and  you will find the Crossroads.$B$BAnd do not leave the road, $N, for the Barrens is a harsh land.","Speak with Tonga Runetotem at the Crossroads.","My brethren in Thunder Bluff were wise to send you, young $c.  For the mystery of the Barrens is one that I alone cannot unravel.$B$BWith your aid, let us hope we can find answers to our questions.","","","","",""
887,"Southsea Freebooters","I sure wish Vice Admiral Grezzlik did a better job of keeping the seas safe for our trading vessels. With all the gold the trade princes have poured into the Trade Fleets, it ticks me off to see so many pirates running willy-nilly, raiding my ships and stealing my goods!$b$bI heard that the Southsea Freebooters have set up a camp just south of here. They've been a real thorn in my side and if Grezzlik won't take care of them, well, maybe you can help me get rid of them.","Kill 12 Southsea Brigands and 6 Southsea Cannoneers for Gazlowe in Ratchet.","You did good, kid. A little more work like that, and it'll be one less thing I'll have to worry about. Hopefully they'll be convinced that they should relocate their operation elsewhere.$b$bIn the meantime, there is the small matter of getting back the goods they stole from me!","","","","",""
888,"Stolen Booty","While I'd like to recover all my goods, I'm sure that's not possible. Still, there's a few things that I absolutely must have!$b$bAs you see, my observatory is ready to go, but it needs the smaller of the two lenses. The first arrived by caravan from Durotar, but the second was bound by ship, and never arrived. Also, I never got my boot shipment from Drizzlik in Booty Bay!$b$bHead down to the pirate camp and see if you can find them.","Retrieve the Shipment of Boots and Telescopic Lens for Gazlowe in Ratchet.","It's a relief to get all this stuff back, so thanks for your help, $n. You know, I could use a $r like you to help out with my operation here. If you're ever looking for work, don't forget about how well Gazlowe pays for service!","","","","",""
889,"Spirit of the Wind","","","Good. Go with Agamaggan's spirit as your guide, $r. Return to me if you desire more of Agamaggan's magics.","","","","",""
890,"The Missing Shipment","I've been waiting forever for my last shipment of goods from Booty Bay! I'm pretty sure that it must have been stolen by the Freebooters, but just to make sure, will you go down to the dockside and ask Dizzywig if my goods were already put into my warehouse without my knowledge?$b$bHere, take my ledger down to Dizzywig and have him double check my inventory records against his logs.","Bring Gazlowe's Ledger to Wharfmaster Dizzywig.","Ah, Gazlowe sent you, did he? Just a moment, let me take a look here and check my own logs and make sure I didn't have Gazlowe's shipment sent to the wrong place.$b$bBet he's waiting for those boots from Drizzlek...","","","","",""
891,"The Guns of Northwatch","Yet another ship from my fleet has been lost to those overzealous humans at Northwatch Hold!$b$bThose bastards must be dealt with. Their paranoia has them in a state of frenzy. Trigger happy, reckless louts are shooting at anything in their sights.$b$bTravel south along the Merchant Coast to the Hold and lay siege to their forces. Bring me the medals of their soldiers as proof. And for the love of my fleet, slay Captain Fairmount and her overzealous cannoneers!","Captain Thalo'thas Brightsun of Ratchet wants you to collect 10 Theramore Medals and slay Captain Fairmount, Cannoneer Whessan and Cannoneer Smythe.","Alas, the righteous Alliance guns have been silenced. You shall be rewarded for your aid, $n.$b$bNow to tend to the grim task of recovering the bodies of the dead....","","","","",""
892,"The Missing Shipment","Everything looks square from my records, $n. Go on back and tell Gazlowe he's out of luck. I wouldn't be surprised if it was the pirates that nabbed his goodies.$b$bNothing else I can do for him. Oh... though you could tell him that I've got some things from Undermine for him, when he has the time to come pick them up.","Return Gazlowe's Ledger to Gazlowe in Ratchet.","No dice, eh? I guess it must have been the Freebooters then... Dizzywig's on the level, I'm sure he wouldn't cheat me like that. After all, he is on the payroll.$b$bLooks like I've got some goods to get back, $n. What do you say?","","","","",""
893,"Weapons of Choice","The Razormane quilboars to the south, beyond the Field of Giants, have no skilled blacksmiths from what I am told, but they've apparently started to develop sturdier weapons. I'd like to get my hands on a few different types to learn their techniques if possible.$B$BIf you wish to help bring honor to the Horde, then bring me examples of their weapons. Find me a dagger from their stalkers, a wand from their seers, and a shield from their warfrenzy. That should do nicely!","Bring a Razormane Backstabber, a Charred Razormane Wand and a Razormane War Shield to Tatternack Steelforge at Camp Taurajo in the Barrens.","Excellent, excellent specimens indeed.$B$BThe quilboar are further along than I had expected.$B$BHere, $c, take this and get out of my way. I'd better take a closer look at these weapons. We may have underestimated our enemy, and that's the kind of mistake we can't afford to make.","","","","",""
894,"Samophlange","The Venture Company set up a small research facility far to the north of here, southwest of the Sludge Fen. I don't know very much about what they're doing, but did manage to discover that they're experimenting with something called a \"samophlange\".$b$bNow what the heck is a samophlange? Well, whatever it is, I want to examine it, so I need someone to go get it.$b$bI obtained a copy of their control system operating manual, you should be able to figure out how to disengage the samophlange from it.","Access the control console at the Venture Company research site.","A variety of buttons, levers and blinking lights are somewhat erratically arrayed on the face of the control console. A small gauge indicates that the apparatus is currently operating within optimal levels, and indicates that control valves one through three are currently open. There is a small keyhole set into the lower right side of the control panel.","","","","",""
895,"WANTED: Baron Longshore","WANTED!$b$bBaron Longshore, Captain of the Heedless$b$bCaptain Longshore of Gilneas leads vessels of the Southsea Freebooters, and is wanted on charges of piracy. Remains must be in identifiable condition!$b$b-- Gazlowe","Bring the head of Baron Longshore to Gazlowe in Ratchet.","Ahhhh! That sort of business. You know, I saw the Heedless once on the open seas. Fearsome ship, or was that boat... those sailors are so particular!$b$bAnyways, watching her glide across the water was quite a sight to see. I'm glad her infamous captain will trouble my ships no longer.","","","","",""
896,"Miner's Fortune","Being Wharfmaster of a busy port like Ratchet, I keep my finger on the pulse of information. I know all about the exchange of goods and money between here and Booty Bay.$b$bThe latest bit of news I've heard is about the Venture Company's Boulder Lode mine northeast of the Sludge Fen. One of the miners discovered an emerald the size of your fist. I know a few buyers who'd be interested in getting their hands on something like that, and I'd be willing to go half and half on its sale.","Retrieve the Cats Eye Emerald from one of the Venture Co. Overseers or Enforcers for Wharfmaster Dizzywig at Ratchet.","Look at the size of that thing, $n! We're going to be rich! Let's see, according to the rates I've seen on gems going into Undermine, I should be able to figure out your cut--fifty percent, don't worry!$b$bNow let's see... I think this should do about right. Pleasure doing business with you, $n.","","","","",""
897,"The Harvester","This strange, insect-like creature looks outside of the natural order, as though it does not belong in the Barrens.","Bring the Harvester's Head to Jorn Skyseer.","I can tell nothing of the nature of this beast, for its spirit has fled. But as you guessed, it does not belong in the Barrens. I fear it may herald a grim future for our people...$B$BBut for now, prepare yourself, and let us hope that time unravels the mystery of this creature.","","","","",""
898,"Free From the Hold","Finally! Someone to rescue me!$b$bI can't believe you got past the guards. These zealots from Theramore are out of their minds. They sank our ship and imprisoned me, the only survivor. I was called an enemy and threat to the Alliance.$b$bMe! A threat to their great sham of an Alliance? I was a deckhand on a moonshine transport between Ratchet and Booty Bay.$b$bEnough talk. Help me get back to Ratchet will you? Let me know when you're ready and we'll make our break.","Safely escort Gilthares Firebough back to Captain Brightsun in Ratchet.","And to think, we thought Firebough was long dead!$b$bYour heroics have earned you a place of honor with the Thalo'dan Privateers, $n.","Escort Gilthares Firebough back to Ratchet","","","",""
899,"Consumed by Hatred","Perhaps you know the pain of uncertainty, perhaps not, $c. But know this: I stand here every day, from the sun's rising till its decline, scouring the horizon for more of those monsters. I've killed every pig man I've come across since, but my thirst for their blood is far from quenched. Perhaps instead of heading north to the Crossroads I should have headed to Taurajo.$B$BYou, $c--you  could help me.$B$BKill them. Kill as many as you can. Bring me their tusks, and we will celebrate their deaths together.","Bring 60 Bristleback Quilboar Tusks to Mankrik at the Crossroads.","$C, you take my task seriously, and for that I thank you.$B$BAlthough my desire for revenge remains, I can at least smile seeing that the quilboars have felt pain themselves.","","","","",""
900,"Samophlange","The three control valves are currently opened. The various readings on the control panel lead you to presume that they must be shut off before the apparatus can be shut off.","Close off the Fuel Control Valve, the Regulator Valve and the Main Control Valve then use the control console again.","The lights indicating the three control valves dim as they are shut off. Green lights slowly fade into yellow, and the switch controlling the apparatus is now moveable, with the valves closed, it can be turned off.","","Shut off Main Control Valve","Shut off Fuel Control Valve","Shut off Regulator Valve",""
901,"Samophlange","With the apparatus deactivated, the control panel can be opened up and the samophlange removed from the console. With everything else in place, all that is left is to acquire the key to unlock the console.","Get the Console Key from Tinkerer Sniggles to use on the control console.","Turning the key in the lock, the control console unlocks. A red light at the top of the console turns off and all power drains from the terminal.","","","","",""
902,"Samophlange","Pulling open the face of the control console reveals a dense jumble of wires, tubing and other strange mechanical objects--most of which seem to serve no practical purpose. Pushing them aside and digging deeper into the console, you find the samophlange. A tug removes it from its housing.","Return the Samophlange to Sputtervalve in Ratchet.","This is... er... interesting... yes. I'll have it sent along to the Tinkers' Union headquarters in Undermine. I'm sure after some careful dissection and research, they'll be able to make some sense of it.$B$BBut, perhaps I'll have a little look myself first...","","","","",""
903,"Prowlers of the Barrens","Now it's time to go after something that really bites.  The prowlers of the Barrens are a tough breed.  Tough, resourceful, sly... and deadly.  You'll find them among the tall grasses.  You'll find many to the southwest of the Crossroads.$B$BBe wary as you hunt them, $n, or you may find yourself no longer the predator, but instead the prey.","Collect 7 Prowler Claws from Savannah Prowlers for Sergra Darkthorn in the Crossroads.","Ah, I see you've been busy, lurking in the grasses and hunting prowlers.  Do you think, then, it is time to face a champion among them?","","","","",""
905,"The Angry Scytheclaws","Now, $N, the hunt deepens.  Now you must defeat your prey, and then find your way to its lair.$B$BHunt the sunscale raptors to the south.  Slay them and remove the feathers they wear.  Place the feathers on the scytheclaw nests southwest of the Stagnant Oasis. Show their brethren you do not fear them!","Kill Sunscale raptors and collect their feathers. Use the feathers on the 3 Scytheclaw nests. Return to Sergra Darkthorn in the Crossroads.","So you've been to the nests and placed the feathers of your prey within them.  That took a fair portion of courage, no doubt about it.$B$BDo you feel a little tougher, $N?  Because you look tougher now then when you first came here.  I guess the Barrens is doing its job.","","","Visit Blue Raptor Nest","Visit Yellow Raptor Nest","Visit Red Raptor Nest"
906,"Betrayal from Within","Take Lok's head to Thork in the Crossroads, $r. <snort> He should know what has happened to my tribe without any words--ha, not that he would believe Mangletooth helped in <snort> such things. But I am sure he'll reward you for carrying out such a great deed. <snort>$B$BI will continue to bless you with Agamaggan's power for as long as I remain in this cage, $r. Until then, farewell.","Bring Lok's Skull to Thork at the Crossroads in the Barrens.","You found the Razormane leader and killed him yourself, $N? Amazing.$B$BI am without words, but that does not mean I am without thanks. The people of the Crossroads would do well to respect your strength.$B$BI must admit, I thought the leader of these raids on our supply lines was another quilboar. Thank you again, $N.","","","","",""
907,"Enraged Thunder Lizards","Now, $N, you must face the great thunder lizards.  So large are the beasts, the ground rumbles as they stomp across the plains.  Take care as you fight them, for one false step and you may find yourself beneath their feet.$B$BYou will find the thunder lizards in the southern Barrens.  They are known as Stormsnouts, Stormhides and Thunderheads.  Return to me after you have bested them.","Bring 3 Thunder Lizard Blood to Jorn Skyseer at Camp Taurajo.","It is good to see you return with proof of victory.  And it is good to know you have done so with your bones unbroken.","","","","",""
908,"Amongst the Ruins","The Twilight's Hammer has moved into the Moonshrine Ruins of Blackfathom Deeps.  Their presence can only serve to coerce the elements into working against us.  If left unchecked, this region will be theirs for good.$B$B$N, go into Blackfathom and find the ruin's fathom stone; it should be somewhere close in the water.  In it is a fathom core - a device that when properly read it will relate a history of all elemental activity.  If I have it, I and the Earthen Ring can maybe do something to stop them!","Bring the Fathom Core to Je'neu Sancrea at Zoram'gar Outpost, Ashenvale.","This is exactly what I need! A fathom core is an incredible well of information that we will be able to draw much good from. Whatever the Twilight's Hammer is up to in there - and believe me when I say it is no good - my comrades and I will now uncover.$b$bYou've done well here today; the Earthen Ring looks upon you warmly for assisting us. You've also helped the Horde as a whole, and for that you should be proud.","","","","",""
909,"Baron Aquanis","The defeated water elemental has left behind a strange water globe.  You surmise that the object somehow fed the beast energy.  Inside the globe, a putrid-looking form of water sloshes about.  The globe itself seems impervious to any sort of physical force.$B$BIf anyone can make any sense of this item, it would be Je'neu Sancrea of the Earthen Ring.  He is located at the Horde's Zoram'gar Outpost in Ashenvale.","Bring the Strange Water Globe to Je'neu Sancrea at Zoram'gar Outpost, Ashenvale.","This... this is quite the find, $N.$b$bYou acquired this from Baron Aquanis in Blackfathom, you say? Baron Aquanis has long been thought of as a corrupted elemental power; this globe will prove what exactly had corrupted him. While it would be no surprise if it turned out to be the Twilight's Hammer, our studies will also show how they did it as well.$b$bYou did well in bringing this to me. Please - take this, along with the Earthen Ring's warmest regards.","","","","",""
913,"Cry of the Thunderhawk","The thunderhawk, $N, is a fierce beast.  It is time for you to face them.  You must find where it roams, and bring me its wings as proof of your successful hunt.$B$BDo this, and your time with me will near its end.","Find and slay a Thunderhawk, return its wings to Jorn Skyseer at Camp Taurajo.","You, like the thunderhawk, should be proud.  You have bested every foe we set you before, and have done so with strength, courage and honor.$B$BBut your path, $N, continues.  In fact, you will find that true hunters forever strive, forever walk their path with the same pride you have shown me.$B$BNow, it is time to move on.","","","","",""
914,"Leaders of the Fang","The druids in the Wailing Caverns, the Druids of the Fang, are an aberration.  They were part of an order of noble druids whose plan was to heal the Barrens, but now seek to remake that land to match their own, twisted dreams.$B$BThe Druids of the Fang have four leaders, and each possesses a dream gem.  Even now their faces haunt me!  Defeat the leaders and bring me their gems, and the Barrens may again know peace.$B$BGo, $N.  You will find them lurking deep within the Wailing Caverns.","Bring the Gems of Cobrahn, Anacondra, Pythas and Serpentis to Nara Wildmane in Thunder Bluff.","You have done it, $N.  You killed the leaders of the Druids of the Fang.  My dreams are now free of their wicked faces, and you have helped save the Barrens from a cursed future.$B$BI thank you, $N.  I thank you for myself, for the druids of Thunder Bluff, and for the land.","","","","",""
916,"Webwood Venom","I came to Shadowglen to observe the webwood spiders that dwell in the Shadowthread Cave.  They are cousin to a much smaller variety of spider;  I believe the world tree has had a profound effect on them, and I would like specimens to study to confirm this.$B$BFirst, I would like some of their venom.  Gather Webwood venom sacs from the spiders in and around the Shadowthread Cave, to the north.  I can then examine them for similarities with their smaller cousin's venom.","Bring 7 Webwood Venom Sacs to Gilshalan Windwalker at Aldrassil.","Thank you, $N.  When I return to Darnassus I will compare the venom within these sacs with the venom of other spiders.  It is my belief that it will have properties linked to the recent growth of our new world tree.","","","","",""
917,"Webwood Egg","Now that I have the spiders' venom, I'd like some live specimens to study.  Unfortunately, capturing a living, giant spider is more than I can ask of you, young $c.  And a giant spider is more than I could handle myself!$B$BBut if you can find an unhatched egg, then delivering specimens will be much easier, and I can then arrange for the unhatched spiders to be contained.$B$BThere must be a nest deep in the Shadowthread Cave.  Please, search for an egg in the nest and return it to me.","Bring a Webwood Egg to Gilshalan in Aldrassil.","Ah, very good.  I will have this egg and the venom transported to Darnassus, then return there when my studies are done here.  I expect to find out a great deal from these specimens, $N.  You have been a great help to me.","","","","",""
918,"Timberling Seeds","The timberlings of Teldrassil are elementals of nature.  In some ways they reflect the natural order of plants and animals on our great tree.$B$BSo it is disturbing to see how angry the timberlings have become.$B$BI believe it has something to do with the soil.  I have been working on different methods of nurturing plants and would like to try them on timberling seeds.  Please, can you gather seeds from timberlings around Lake Al'Ameth and bring them to me?","Bring 8 Timberling Seeds to Denelan at Lake Al'Ameth.","You got them.  This is good!$B$BI will plant these seeds in special soil I have prepared.  I believe the seeds will sprout into timberlings who are much more docile.  Perhaps later you can see the results!","","","","",""
919,"Timberling Sprouts","Small timberlings are sprouting around the waters of Lake Al'Ameth, and Wellspring Lake to the north.  I'm afraid these sprouts are beyond help -- we should try to clear them from the land before they grow large enough to cause trouble.$B$BWhen you're wandering the lakes, if you see any timberling sprouts please take them.  Help keep our land clean!","Bring 5 Timberling Sprouts to Denalan at Lake Al'Ameth.","That's a lot!  I'm afraid they're spreading at a dangerous rate.  I hope I can solve the riddle of what is tainting them.$B$BThank you for your help, $N.  The land is a cleaner place from your efforts.","","","","",""
920,"Tenaron's Summons","$n, is it? I heard that Tenaron has been asking for you. You'll find him in the highest room atop Aldrassil.$b$bWe may live long lives, but it's best you not keep him waiting too long.","Speak with Tenaron Stormgrip atop Aldrassil in Shadowglen.","Ah, $n. I was hoping you'd be prompt in answering my summons. I have an important task that I would like you to perform.","","","","",""
921,"Crown of the Earth","It is time for you to set out to seek your destiny, $n. But before you are ready to set out into the world beyond our enchanted forests, there is much you must learn about our recent history.$b$bMuch has changed with our people since the Battle of Mount Hyjal. Nordrassil lies a pale shadow of what it once was, its power used to defeat Archimonde and drive back the Burning Legion...$b$bThere is a task you must perform. Go to the moonwell north of Aldrassil and return me a phial of its water.","Fill the Crystal Phial and bring it back to Tenaron Stormgrip atop Aldrassil.","So you have heard the first part of the aftermath of the Battle of Mount Hyjal. There is much more to be told and the task you have begun here will continue through the rest of your journey through Teldrassil and into Darnassus.","","","","",""
922,"Rellian Greenspyre","$N, can you take one of the seeds you brought me to my friend, Rellian Greenspyre?  He is a druid in Darnassus, and when last we spoke he revealed his interest in my work with the Timberlings.  He had some ideas himself, and he will appreciate a specimen seed to work with.$B$BThank you, $N.  You have been a great help to me.  I hope that, some day, you will see the fruit of my labors.","Bring a Timberling Seed to Rellian Greenspyre in Darnassus.","Ah, a timberling seed?  I wanted to try growing one of these to help Denalan with his studies.$B$BBut I'm afraid I've discovered that a corruption has grown in many of the timberlings, and seeds from such creatures carry their parent's taint.  They are beyond my talents to repair.$B$BDenalan is very skilled with things that grow.  He may find a cure for future timberlings.  He may be their only hope.","","","","",""
923,"Tumors","There is a malevolence growing in the timberlings.  We are trying to find the source, but until we do...in order to keep Teldrassil safe we must cut down the timberlings who are beyond help.  Those that wander Wellspring Lake in northern Teldrassil are the most tainted.  They must be removed!$B$BDestroy the Timberlings you find there, and gather the mossy tumors growing upon them.  Bring the tumors to me so that they may be burned.","Bring 5 Mossy Tumors to Rellian Greenspyre in Darnassus.","Well done!  These tumors are the symptom of the timberling's disease.  They are filled with a poison that we must cleanse from our new land.$B$BI will dispose of these tumors.  Thank you, $N.","","","","",""
924,"The Demon Seed","The Demon Seed is a powerful tool for the Burning Legion. It rests in a cave on Dreadmist Peak, above a demonic altar of fire.$B$BI have prepared power stones that when placed near the Seed will disrupt its connection to the Legion.$B$BTake a stone from the table and bring it to the altar of fire atop Dreadmist Peak. Travel west, then north when the road forks. The Peak will be to your left. The safest climb to the top is on its northern face.$B$BAnd hurry--the stone's power will consume itself in time.","Grab a Flawed Power Stone.  Bring it to the Altar of Fire before the stone expires, then return to Ak'Zeloth.","Your task is complete. You have destroyed the Demon Seed as Neeru bid. But this is not the end...$b$bThe destruction of the Demon Seed sent waves of power through the ether, waves of staggering force. I felt them, and I am sure other beings did as well. Others who will wonder why their toy was broken...$b$bBut regardless of future troubles, I have something for you. Neeru sent it as payment. And he bid me thank you.$b$bSo, thank you.","","Destroy the Demon Seed","","",""
926,"Flawed Power Stone","","","These stones are infused with magical energy, but purposefully flawed. They are very unstable and once removed from the table they will consume themselves quickly.","","","","",""
927,"The Moss-twined Heart","The heart of Blackmoss the Fetid is covered with a dark, oily moss.  In fact, the only way to tell this is a heart is from its slow, rhythmic beat... A beat that continues even now.$B$BPerhaps Denalan will want to see this heart.","Bring the Moss-twined Heart to Denalan at Lake Al'Ameth.","...What is this? A timberling heart?? It's covered with a foul moss!$b$bThank you for bringing this to me, $N. I will examine the heart and, if fortune shines, determine the nature of the moss about it.","","","","",""
928,"Crown of the Earth","While there is more I could speak to you of the moonwells and of Teldrassil, I must send you along. Corithras Moonrage will be expecting you. I have poured the phial of water you brought to me into this vessel to bring to him.$b$bSeek out Corithras. You will find him at the moonwell in Dolanaar. Follow the road south from Aldrassil out of Shadowglen, and continue to follow the cobblestones as the road turns west.$b$bMind you stay on the road though, $n. There are dangerous beasts in the forests of late.","Bring the Partially Filled Vessel to Corithras Moonrage in Dolanaar.","Ah, I see. You were sent by Tenaron. Well then, it would seem we have much to talk about, much to do, and little time to do it in.$b$bI think we'd best get started.","","","","",""
929,"Crown of the Earth","First, let me tell you more of the task you must complete. The druids in Darnassus use the water of the moonwells of Teldrassil, and their moonwell must be replenished from time to time. Using these specially crafted phials, you can collect the water of the moonwells.$b$bTake this vessel to the moonwell outside of Starbreeze Village to the east, and fill it with some of its waters, then return to me. When you have completed your task, I shall continue the story where Tenaron left off...","Fill the Jade Phial and bring it back to Corithras Moonrage in Dolanaar.","After the Battle of Mount Hyjal, we were without direction. Nordrassil smoked from the fire it unleashed, and our immortality--the very essence of our beings!--was lost.$b$bIt was in this trying time that the Betrayer was freed from his prison, and Shan'do Stormrage disappeared. A dark time for all.","","","","",""
930,"The Glowing Fruit","Hanging from beneath its fronds of this glowing plant is a large, round fruit.$B$BDenalan would want to study this fruit, you are certain.","Bring the glowing fruit to Denalan at Lake Al'Ameth.","You found this on Teldrassil?  Intriguing... this fruit is exotic.  Perhaps its seeds were brought here from far off.  Perhaps even as far as Azeroth!  And there's something about this fruit... it seems to have reacted very strangely with the soil of Teldrassil.$B$BThank you, $N.  Now if you'll excuse me, I must study this further...","","","","",""
931,"The Shimmering Frond","The fronds on this plant shimmer in the forest light, giving it a twisting, pulsing aura.$B$BYou believe that Denalan would want a specimen of this.","Bring a Shimmering Frond to Denalan at Lake Al'Ameth","Where did you get this?  I haven't seen a plant like this since a sojourn I made to the Swamp of Sorrows... decades ago!  It's amazing that a specimen made its way to Teldrassil.  And it's grown to such a size!$B$BThank you, $N.  Forgive my shortness of words, but there is a test I would like to perform on this frond...","","","","",""
932,"Twisted Hatred","I must warn you, $n, this matter must stay between us. The satyr are enough of an embarrassment to us already, and this one is much too close to home.$B$BHe is called Lord Melenas. He resides in the nearby cave of Fel Rock where he has gathered a large group of grell warriors. His heart is black as night, and he plots something most foul.$B$BYou must find him within his nearby cave just to the north of here, and bring me his head.","Kill Lord Melenas and bring his head to Tallonkai Swiftroot in Dolanaar.","With Lord Melenas laid to rest I can finally move on to other matters. Thank you, $n.","","","","",""
933,"Crown of the Earth","There is another moonwell southeast of the entrance to Darnassus, on the shores of the Pools of Arlithrien. The Sentinels are having problems patrolling the area because of attacks and the growing ill-temperedness of the Gnarlpine furbolgs.$b$bBe wary as you seek out the well, and keep your weapons close at hand.","Fill the Tourmaline Phial and bring it back to Corithras Moonrage in Dolanaar.","Shan'do Stormrage never returned, and the druids were in disarray, and to this day we still do not know what became of him. With Malfurion missing, Arch Druid Fandral Staghelm took over the leadership of the druids, convincing the Circle of Ancients in Darkshore that it was time for our people to rebuild, and that it was time for our people to regain their immortality.$b$bWith the approval of the Circle, Staghelm and the most powerful druids grew Teldrassil, the new World Tree.","","","","",""
934,"Crown of the Earth","All was not well with Teldrassil, however. Staghelm's carefully made plans for the new World Tree had borne out as he had hoped, but there was one small problem, a problem to which many of the troubles on Teldrassil may be attributed.$b$bHowever, I will not get into that yet. You must visit the last moonwell, to the northwest in the Oracle Glade. Under the boughs of the Oracle Tree lies the first and most powerful of our wells. Retrieve a phial of its water and return to me.","Fill the Amethyst Phial and bring it back to Corithras Moonrage in Dolanaar.","To be in the presence of the Oracle Tree... it is almost to feel wisdom take form. Let me continue the telling...$B$BWith Teldrassil grown, the Arch Druid approached the dragons for their blessings, as the dragons had placed upon Nordrassil in ancient times. But Nozdormu, Lord of Time, refused to give his blessing, chiding the druid for his arrogance. In agreement with Nozdormu, Alexstrasza also refused Staghelm, and without her blessing, Teldrassil's growth has been flawed and unpredictable...","","","","",""
935,"Crown of the Earth","Without the blessings of Alexstrasza the Life-Binder and Nozdormu the Timeless, Teldrassil's growth has not been without flaw. Strange beasts have been reported arising from the very ground of the tree, and crazed furbolgs attack passing travelers.$b$bI can only hope that the solution the Arch Druid is looking for will be found quickly. I will pour all the phials you brought into this vessel, for you to deliver to Darnassus.$b$bBring it to Fandral Staghelm, you will find him in the druid grove.","Bring the Filled Vessel to Arch Druid Fandral Staghelm in Darnassus.","Ah yes, the water I had requested. Tenaron and Corithras certainly took their time in having it delivered... perhaps not choosing the most reliable of messengers... hmm.$b$bNonetheless, I can finally get back to my work then. The weight of Teldrassil's problems fall upon my shoulders. A yoke I would wish to soon be rid of.$b$bTake this, you may find some use for it.","","","","",""
936,"Assisting Arch Druid Runetotem","Excuse me $c, but I'd like just a moment of your time if possible.$B$BThe Cenarion Circle in Thunder Bluff is most interested in seasoned adventurers such as yourself to lend them aid in a vital research project.  While I do not know the specifics, I can inform you that none other than Hamuul Runetotem is spearheading this research.$B$BPlease - if you are interested, speak with him directly on the Elder Rise within Thunder Bluff proper.","Speak with Arch Druid Hamuul Runetotem in Thunder Bluff.","Greetings, $C; I am glad you are interested in assisting our research. There is much to do, and I would be doing you a disservice if I informed you that the work this entails is not dangerous. Hopefully this will not scare you off... but from the looks of you, I take it that danger is something that you have dealt with before.","","","","",""
937,"The Enchanted Glade","I was dispatched with a small group of Sentinels here to protect the Oracle Tree from the harpies that have made nests all around the glade. Little by little we are trying to push them back.$b$bWhen the Oracle Tree attempted to send a runner to Darnassus with a report, the mesenger was attacked and killed by a group of the harpies.$b$bIf you feel up to the task, go to their nests, slay them, and return their belts to me as proof of your deeds.","Acquire 6 Bloodfeather Belts and bring them to Sentinel Arynia Cloudsbreak in the Oracle Glade.","I am impressed by what you have accomplished here in so short a time, $n. Would that I could ask you to remain here to assist me with my duties... but I know in my heart that greater tasks lie ahead for you.$b$bI have noticed the Oracle Tree has just shed a piece of its bark. No doubt it has a task that it wishes completed. You should speak with it.","","","","",""
938,"Mist","The sabercat's fur is a distinctive gray color, blending into the surrounding forest. As she lays there, you observe that she is badly wounded, with deep lacerations across her back and stomach.$b$bShe raises her head and gazes at you, bright intelligence shining in blue eyes. She seems to wish to follow you.","Escort Mist to Sentinel Arynia Cloudsbreak at the moon well near the Oracle Tree.","Oh, thank you, $n! I feared I would never see Mist again, knowing only her death in my heart, never to be united with my faithful companion. I owe you more than you can know, and you have my eternal gratitude.","Lead Mist safely to Sentinel Arynia Cloudsbreak","","","",""
939,"Flute of Xavaric","You study the simple wooden flute you picked up after defeating Xavaric.$B$BThe knotted wood feels solid, but it seems as if the spirals and patterns in the surface begin to spin and move as you turn it over in your hands. Suddenly, you feel a sense of dread...$B$BYou shake your head, sure that your mind is playing tricks on you.$B$BIt's possible that other satyrs carry clues as to what you have found. Bring your findings to the druid, Eridan Bluewind, that lives in southern Felwood.","Bring the Flute of Xavaric and 5 Jadefire Felbind samples to Eridan Bluewind in southern Felwood.","I sense the suffering of ancient ones, $N...$B$BHolding these items is almost unbearable...","","","","",""
940,"Teldrassil","The forest whispers of your feats of valor, $n. As I felt the harpies forced from their nests, a greater calm spread across the forest, its creatures once again feeling safe. I have feared sending another messenger to the Arch Druid, but I know that you will see my message safely to him.$b$bDeliver this to him and know that the forest will see you safely along its paths to the forest of stone.","Deliver the Oracle Tree's report to Arch Druid Fandral Staghelm in Darnassus.","I wondered why the Oracle Tree had not communicated with me for so long... It seems that some problems are lessened while others grow to greater concerns.$b$bI fear my work on Teldrassil shall never be completed, and our immortality never restored.$b$bNonetheless, you have done the Oracle Tree's task well, and should be rewarded for your diligence.","","","","",""
941,"Planting the Heart","I have removed that foul moss from the heart, but it remains tainted...$B$BTry placing the heart in my planter.  It is filled with a nutritive soil that may cleanse and heal the heart.","Plant the Tainted Heart in Denalan's Planter.","You place the heart within the planter, and it quickly digs itself in!$b$bA few seconds later it wriggles back out, cleansed. It pulses slightly... beckoning for you to take it.","","","","",""
942,"The Absent Minded Prospector","This fossil bears a striking resemblance to one I once saw in Ironforge. An archaeologist by the name of Flagongut brought it to our annual Explorers' League conference. He believed the fossil had a power which could be unlocked somehow.$b$bLast I heard Flagongut had holed up in the Deepwater Tavern in Menethil Harbor, awaiting escort to the Whelgar Excavation Site. Seek him out and show him Remtravel's fossil. Perhaps he can reveal the secrets of the past.$b$bThe ship to Menethil departs from Auberdine.","Take the mysterious fossil to Archaeologist Flagongut in Menethil Harbor.","Oh my! You say this came from the distant lands of Kalimdor?$B$BAmazing! Simply amazing!","","","","",""
943,"The Absent Minded Prospector","Prospector Whelgar now holds the original fossil at his site in the Wetlands. When I discovered the Stone of Relu, I believed it to be the key to unlocking the mystery of the fossil.$b$bWhile I traveled on the road to meet Whelgar, I was attacked by raptors and the relic was lost. I don't know which one of the mottled beasts swallowed the relic but if you can retrieve it, I can unleash the power of these artifacts.$B$BBring me both the Stone of Relu, and the original fossil he holds.","Archaeologist Flagongut in Menethil Harbor wants you to bring him the Stone of Relu and Flagongut's Fossil.","Most excellent, $N!$B$BNow to see if I can use the stone to decipher the powers of the fossils.","","","","",""
944,"The Master's Glaive","It is strange that the naga are here, in Darkshore.  But stranger still...are the Twilight's Hammer.  That cult worships the old, old lords of the earth.  Lords defeated long ago.$B$BThe Master's Glaive, to the south, is a place where such an old lord fell.$B$BGo there and look for more Twilight's Hammer cultists.$B$BTake this phial of scrying.  Use it to create a scrying bowl after searching the Master's Glaive.  Then speak to me through the bowl.","Gather information, then use the Phial of Scrying to create a Scrying Bowl.  Use the bowl to speak with Onu.","The Twilight's Hammer is at the Master's Glaive?$b$bUnfortunate.$b$bThe old lord impaled by the glaive is long dead, but that does not mean slivers of his power do not still remain.$b$bThe Twilight's Hammer must be seeking this power.","Enter the Master's Glaive","","","",""
945,"Therylune's Escape","Help!$B$BI was wandering around the Master's Glaive, and these dirty cultists surrounded me.  Lucky I'm good at hiding!!$B$BCan you help me out of here?  And I need to send word to my sister Therysil that I'm all right.  She's in Ashenvale to the south, at the Shrine of Aessina.","Help Therylune escape, then tell Therysil at the Shrine of Aessina that her sister is safe.","My sister was where?? Therylune doesn't mind getting herself dirty, but still! That's a long way to wander, and the Master's Glaive is an unwholesome place...$B$BWell thank you, $N. It was very nice of you to let me know she's all right.","Escort Therylune away from the Master's Glaive","","","",""
947,"Cave Mushrooms","I am devising a potion that requires rare mushrooms, mushrooms that grow only in a certain cave.  The cave lies behind Cliffspring Falls, to the east and slightly north along the mountains.$B$BI would go there myself, but I was advised by the Grove of the Ancients to stay away from that place.  Our venerable allies sense that the cave is the hiding place for a new evil in Darkshore.$B$BPlease, $N, gather the mushrooms for me.  And while doing so, scout the cave to confirm the Ancients' fears.","Bring 5 Scaber Stalks and 1 Death Cap to Barithras Moonshade in Auberdine.","Many thanks, $N. These mushrooms are fine specimens!$b$bAnd when you were at Cliffspring Falls, did you find anything to confirm the warnings of the Ancients?$b$bThe Ancients are wise, but I had hoped that, this time, they were wrong.","","","","",""
948,"Onu","Onu, an Ancient of Lore at the Grove of the Ancients, knows of your journey to Cliffwater Falls and wishes to speak with you.  The grove lies to the south, nestled near the mountains.$B$BThe Ancients are patient and wise, $N.  But if Onu seeks your counsel concerning what you saw in the falls, then I fear it is urgent.","Speak with Onu at the Grove of the Ancients.","$N. You are here.$b$bGood.$b$bWe have matters...to discuss. You and I.","","","","",""
949,"The Twilight Camp","The Twilight's Hammer's purpose at the Master's Glaive is not known.  But it must be dark.$B$BSearch through their camp at the Glaive... Search for some thing that may teach us their intentions.$B$BFor we must learn their intentions before a plan is made.","Find a clue in the Twilight's Hammer camp at the Master's Glaive.","This book is hand printed in an ancient language, and illustrated by a master artist.","","","","",""
950,"Return to Onu","Peering into the Twilight Tome is maddening.  Text begins to swim and dance after only a moment's glance, and once beautiful scrollwork twists into grotesque shapes.$B$BTearing away one page of insane scribbles is all that is possible before a swoon overtakes you.","Bring Onu the recovered Insane Scribbles.","A chaotic, primal magic surrounds this parchment of scribbles. I sense the work of the old ones in it.$b$bLet us hope it reveals the purpose of the Twilight's Hammer in Darkshore...","","","","",""
951,"Mathystra Relics","The parchment you found at the Master's Glaive is a page from an ancient text...written by elves!  It is heavily cursed and tainted by the corruption of the Twilight's Hammer, but it seems the cult is using ancient elven magic to bring their old masters back to our world.$B$BTravel to the ruins of Mathystra to the northeast, and search for ancient relics among the grass and broken stones.  Through their study, we may divine how the Twilight's Hammer intends to exploit the magic of the elves.","Bring 6 Mathystra Relics to Onu at the Grove of the Ancients.","Thank you. These relics are from a time when Mathystra shone. That once great bastion of the elves has faded, but shards of its magic remain. Let us hope we can unlock the secrets of that place before our enemies...$b$bBe vigilant, $N.","","","","",""
952,"Grove of the Ancients","If you had enough time to run messages for the Oracle Tree, then I'm sure that I can press you into service to deliver a message to the Grove of the Ancients in Darkshore.$b$bYou will most likely have to secure transport on a hippogryph, but I have faith enough in you that you can manage that. Take this to Onu, the Ancient of Lore. He has been awaiting word from me, even as I waited for news from the Oracle Glade.","Deliver Fandral's message to Onu in the Grove of the Ancients in Darkshore.","Ah. Thank you, $N. It is strange, though. The Arch Druid always seems in such a hurry. The forest knows that all shall come to pass in the appointed time. Shan'do Stormrage understood that.","","","","",""
953,"The Fall of Ameth'Aran","To the east you will find the ruins of Ameth'Aran. It is now inhabited by the restless spirits of the Highborne that once dwelt within its walls, but once it was a place where the servants of Azshara freely practiced their powerful magics.$b$bI was sent to explore the ruins and came across two large tablets, scrawled with the stories of Ameth'Aran and its fall. While I read the runes, I was accosted by the spirits, and fled.$b$bPlease, if you can, venture to the ruins and decipher the tablets in my place.","Study the tablets which tell of Ameth'Aran and of its fall, then return to Sentinel Tysha Moonblade in Darkshore.","We have few records from the time around the War of the Ancients, especially near the destruction of the Well of Eternity. Given the upheaval and cataclysmic events that were taking place, it is no big surprise.$b$bThank you, $n. With your help, my work here is finished, and I will be able to deliver a full report to the Circle.","","Read the Lay of Ameth'Aran","Read the Fall of Ameth'Aran","",""
954,"Bashal'Aran","The ruins of Bashal'Aran to the east are overrun with demonic minions. The sprites and satyrs that have taken up residence in the area feed upon the magical energies of the area, their powers growing from continued exposure.$b$bEven with that, I have noticed that there is one shrine they will not approach. On the western side of the ruins, atop a small bluff, a strange blue aura permeates... There must be an explanation to the demons' reluctance.$b$bI would like you to investigate it.","Find the source of the strange blue aura in the ruins of Bashal'Aran.","Ahh... To what could I possibly owe the exceedingly special honor of a $r such as yourself as company. Truly it says much of my current companions--with no offense to my hosts, the noble grells and satyrs--that your presence could be considered an improvement.$b$bBut please, do not let my uncivil tongue drive you from the place. It has indeed been many years, decades even, since I had civil accompaniment.","","","","",""
955,"Bashal'Aran","If I were to relate the story of my life, I have no doubt it would surpass the limits of your patience. Let us say that mine has been a long and painful life, and this spectral form is perhaps the worst torment of all.$b$bI am held here by the means of magic. Though my words may seem disingenuous, I assure you I would be grateful beyond words if you would help me find the means of my imprisonment. A seal binds me, and by examining the earpieces of the sprites and grells, I may find a trace of it.","Acquire 8 Grell Earrings for Asterion in Bashal'Aran.","Indeed... The grells of Bashal'Aran do not possess that which I am searching... however they have come into contact with it recently. Recently... I would reckon that by your time, not mine. Recent for me stretches into the veil of the past, almost another Age...","","","","",""
956,"Bashal'Aran","If the grells have come into close contact with the seal that binds my eternal prison, I suspect I know the cause. No doubt the seal has come into the possession of the satyr that lead them.$b$bI feel strongly that this must be true, $n. One of the satyr must surely possess it. If you can obtain it, you would bring me so close to passing the bars of my prison that tears would come to my eyes.","Obtain the Ancient Moonstone Seal and bring it to Asterion in Bashal'Aran.","It... it is hard for me to even believe that what I hold now is that which has held me for so long. Let us waste no time, $n. When the seal is destroyed, I might walk the forests of the earth freely again.","","","","",""
957,"Bashal'Aran","It was the craft of one of the most powerful of the Highborne that created the seal that formed my prison. In Ameth'Aran, the ruins to the south that are twin to these, persists even today an ancient flame, blue in color. In this flame this seal could be destroyed.$b$bBe wary in the ruins, $n...","Destroy the Ancient Moonstone Seal at the ancient flame in Ameth'Aran, then return to Asterion in Bashal'Aran.","I am freed, $n! I can now see with my own eyes the changes that have come to our world... Only bits and pieces have I known. To think that when I last walked freely, the Well still stood and the Highborne held court with Azshara, our beloved queen.$b$bI sense that my jailor, my former master, Athrikus, still lives... Already my feelings of hopelessness will give way into thoughts of vengeance.","","Destroy the seal at the ancient flame","","",""
958,"Tools of the Highborne","$C. A task I would ask of you.$b$bHave you seen the ruins of Ameth'Aran? If not, you will find them on the eastern side of the main road, some ways to the south. Once they were the home of many powerful Highborne, now they are a testament to the destruction their dabblings produced.$b$bI have been told by the Sentinels that the spirits of the Highborne persist, and that they wield their ancient magical implements. Those relics must be appropriated, so that we might destroy them.","Retrieve 7 Highborne Relics for Thundris Windweaver in Auberdine.","Though it is surely a figment of my imagination, I feel as though I can almost feel the taint of foul Highborne magic upon them. I will have these destroyed, so that their long dormant evil might never be released again.","","","","",""
959,"Trouble at the Docks","Oops!$b$bHad a little mishap, as you can see! The morning cargo shipment from Booty Bay was huge. Huge I say! Never seen so many crates. Well, I was trying to expedite things so I started unloading a bit more than I could handle. That's when everything came tumbling down.$b$bBefore I knew what was going on, I saw that menace, Mad Magglish, go running off with a bottle of 99-year-old port. Chased him all the way to Wailing Caverns. No way I was going in there.$b$bMaybe you're brave enough to find him?","Crane Operator Bigglefuzz in Ratchet wants you to retrieve the bottle of 99-Year-Old Port from Mad Magglish who is hiding in the Wailing Caverns.","Superb! And just as I was about to lose my job too! I will see to it that Gazlowe gets this gift immediately.$b$bThank you, $n. Nicely done, I say!","","","","",""
960,"Onu is meditating","","","I am meditating on your task, $N.  Meditating on reasons why the Twilight's Hammer and naga are here.$B$BWhen you are ready, use the phial of scrying to create a scrying bowl.  Then, contact me through the bowl.$B$BIf you have lost your phial of scrying, then here is another.",\N,"","","",""
961,"Onu is meditating","","","The finding of Twilight's Hammer cultists is troubling.  I must meditate on their intentions...$B$BWhen you have more information, speak to me through a scrying bowl.  If you require a phial of scrying in order to create a bowl, then...here is another.","","","","",""
962,"Serpentbloom","The Royal Apothecary Society, based in the great Undercity of Lordaeron, has sent me here for a very specific service, $n. Perhaps you wish to aid me, and in turn The Dark Lady in our efforts to advance the Forsaken.$b$bRecently I studied a rare specimen of flora named Serpentbloom. I believe in greater quantities this herb has great potential.$b$bUnfortunately Serpentbloom can only be found in the darkest recesses of the Wailing Caverns, a dangerous cave system located in the Barrens.","Apothecary Zamah in Thunder Bluff wants you to collect 10 Serpentbloom.","Ah, splendid specimens. You have done well, $N.","","","","",""
963,"For Love Eternal","In the aftermath of the battles at the Well of Eternity, I heard that Ameth'Aran had been destroyed, its people dead, including my love, Anaya.$b$bI would never have thought, thousands of years later, that memories of Anaya would still haunt my dreams. Wandering the woods of Darkshore in a stupor, I found myself in the ruins of Ameth'Aran... where I saw the haunted spirit of my beloved.$b$bShe must be freed, but I lack the heart to do it. Her spirit must be destroyed.","Free the spirit of Anaya Dawnrunner and bring her pendant back to Cerellean Whiteclaw in Auberdine.","Thank you, $n. Perhaps it would have been better... if I had done it myself. But even after these thousands of years, I could not bear to raise my hand against my beloved.$b$bPlease, I would be alone with my grief...","","","","",""
964,"Skeletal Fragments","The key to Scholomance is called a Skeleton Key.  It must be forged from the remains of a skeleton - several actually - and hardened by only the strongest of metals within a suitable mold.  A signet of power from a being who naturally can open the portal to Scholomance will make the key ultimately function.$B$BFirst thing's first though, $N.  We'll need skeletal fragments for the key's forging.  Skeletons inside Andorhal should yield what we need, but the ones outside the walls might work too.","Bring 15 Skeletal Fragments to Apothecary Dithers at the Bulwark, Western Plaguelands.","This'll work, $N! My turn now - I will imbue these with a suitable temper that will allow them to survive the intense forging process they will eventually go through.$b$bThe next step will be to get an appropriate mold for the key. I know a goblin blacksmith in Tanaris that has in the past made molds for similarly macabre items. He works for whom goblins usually work for - the highest bidder.","","","","",""
965,"The Tower of Althalaxx","Hail, young $r. I am Elissa Starbreeze, and it is my charge to protect Auberdine from harm.$b$bTo this end, I sent Balthule Shadowstrike to observe the strange happenings around the Tower of Althalaxx to the northeast.$b$bIt is past time that he should have returned. I worry that he has encountered some unforseen danger in the forest. I would be most appreciative if you would find him and see that he is doing well.","Find Balthule Shadowstrike near the Tower of Althalaxx in Darkshore.","Elissa sent you? Then it is good tidings you bring. I have troubling news to report to her, and had no means with which to deliver it.","","","","",""
966,"The Tower of Althalaxx","A group of warlocks has taken up residence around and inside the tower. I would have returned to Auberdine to report to Elissa earlier, but I was afraid that I might miss something while I was away.$b$bDelgren suspected such a company might be gathering at the tower, but did not know why.$b$bA few scraps of parchment that the warlocks carry have found their way to my hands, but I need more to complete the puzzle. I warn you not to venture into the tower, however, the warlocks there are much more powerful!","Collect 4 Worn Parchments for Balthule Shadowstrike near the Tower of Althalaxx.","Many thanks, $n. This should shed some light on this warlocks' gathering...$b$bHmm... the Cult of the Dark Strand... I have never heard of this group before. Having no knowledge of their history, it is all but impossible to say what their plans must be.$b$bThere is no more time to delay. Warning must be delivered to Delgren immediately.","","","","",""
967,"The Tower of Althalaxx","My master, Delgren the Purifier, is a paladin who has graciously offered his assistance in defending our forests from the forces of the demons and undead. He has taught me much about the Holy Light and the art of battle.$b$bDelgren must know of the cult's operations immediately.$b$bYou will find him far south of here at Maestra's Post in Ashenvale Forest. Be swift, I fear the Dark Strand's threat grows with each passing hour.","Deliver Balthule's letter to Delgren the Purifier in Ashenvale Forest.","If you don't mind my saying, you seem a bit well-equipped for a messenger, hm? I suppose Balthule wanted to be certain that his letter reached my hands. Let's see what he has to say...$B$BThis is disturbing news. When undead or demonic forces are found, I help the Sentinels destroy them.$B$BAt first I was unaccustomed to the manners of the night elves, but I have grown to respect them greatly as allies.","","","","",""
968,"The Powers Below","Although terribly worn and scratched, the title of this book can still be read upon its cover:$B$BThe Powers Below$B$BInside the book is a listing of unpronounceable names with foreboding titles, methods of worship, and preferred sacrifices...many of which include living, humanoid creatures.$B$BOn the inside cover of the book are the words: \"Bonegrip's Runes and Dooms, The Forlorn Cavern, Ironforge.  Proprietor: Gerrig Bonegrip.\"$B$BIf Bonegrip sells books like this, perhaps he'll buy this one back.","Bring the Book: The Powers Below to Gerrig Bonegrip in the Forlorn Cavern, Ironforge.","Ah, a copy of The Powers Below. An interesting text, this is. And some might find it useful...$B$BBut this one's in sad shape. And look here! There are notes in the margin of almost every page!$B$BHm...I know this copy. I sold it to Bolgar last year. Are you...a friend of his? Yes, I thought you were. You have that same fire behind your eyes!$B$BWell, by definition, a friend of Bolgar's is a friend of mine. And we take care of our own, yes?","","","","",""
969,"Luck Be With You","Ah, I can tell just by lookin' at ya -- you be wantin' to make a lucky charm. Mau'ari always knows!$B$BYou'll need ta travel to a place called Winterspring ta the north, far from da heat of Durotar.$B$BIn Winterspring, to da south. you'll find a canyon, an' giants made a' solid ice. The giants sometimes be carryin' dem, but ya can always gather da shards yerself from da canyon. These shards have a powerful reflective quality.$B$BBring back 10 frostmaul shards, and my lucky charm will be yours.","Collect 10 Frostmaul Shards for Witch Doctor Mau'ari in Orgrimmar.","Ahh, yes... I will make da charm for ya now. Just you wait!","","","","",""
970,"The Tower of Althalaxx","Balthule's letter is dire. This Cult of the Dark Strand is a thorn in my side that must be removed. I have been dealing with some of the Dark Strand scum northeast of here at Ordil'Aran. One of their number possesses a soul gem that I believe holds the secret to the cult's power.$b$bBring it to me, and I will be able to decipher the secrets held within.","Collect a Glowing Soul Gem and return it to Delgren the Purifier at Maestra's Post.","Hmm, some dark magic enchants this soulstone. Let's see what's trapped inside, shall we?","","","","",""
971,"Knowledge in the Deeps","As you might know, I collect lore.  Old lore.  Powerful lore.  Lore that opens doorways, and lore that can awaken Those Who Sleep.$B$BThere are rumors of an old piece of lore, the Lorgalis Manuscript, at the bottom of Blackfathom Deeps in Ashenvale.  That place is the old dwelling of long-dead elves.  Elves who held great knowledge before their city fell to ruin.$B$BSearch Blackfathom Deeps for the manuscript.  Do this, and I will not forget it.  Not even after ... the end days.","Bring the Lorgalis Manuscript to Gerrig Bonegrip in the Forlorn Cavern in Ironforge.","You found the manuscript! What a joyous day this is! Copies will be made and distributed, and the ancient knowledge of Lorgalis will finally be known to my brothers and sisters!$B$BYour service to us is more than you know, $N. But I hope that this gift shows you the gratitude we extend to our allies.","","","","",""
972,"Water Sapta","","","Take the water sapta and find the corrupted pool of water in Silverpine, $N. I have great faith in your abilities.",\N,"","","",""
973,"The Tower of Althalaxx","Ilkrud Magthrull. Yes, I have knowledge of him. He is a powerful orc warlock that makes his residence at the Fire Scar Shrine,  a place of great evil in southwestern Ashenvale.$b$bHe had been little more than an annoyance until now, and I had not dealt with him, but it seems that his time has come.","Bring Ilkrud Magthrull's Tome to Delgren the Purifier at Maestra's Post.","It was a grand thing you did today, $n. You should be quite proud of yourself for having faced down a warlock of such power.$b$bNow, let's see what we can learn from Ilkrud's writings.","","","","",""
974,"Finding the Source","The hot springs here are a source of mystery to me. Where does the heat come from?$B$BLooking at how close the pools are to Fire Plume Ridge, I really wonder if the volcano might have something to do with it. I created a thermometer to take readings of the temperatures at the volcano, and I'd like to find the hottest part. It gives the measurements in degrees Kraklenheit!$B$BHere, take it, and take readings of the temperatures at the ridge whenever you see a hot spot!","Krakle in Un'Goro Crater wants you to find the hottest area of Fire Plume Ridge.$B$BWhenever you find a hot spot, right click the thermometer to check the temperature. Keep looking until you find the hottest one.","Yes, I definitely see the correlation here between the temperature of the volcano and the hot springs. I'll have to double-check my equations for accuracy, but it seems like the distance and the rate that the heat is transferred... Hmm...","","Find the hottest area of Fire Plume Ridge","","",""
975,"Cache of Mau'ari","Now, before I give ya dis charm, I better explain how ta use it.$B$BIf you carry da charm with ya, you'll find dat certain items will drop from creatures ya fight. If you don't have da charm with you, you won't find them. Understand?$B$BYou'll know these special items by the name -- they be called E'ko. If you find any of these items, just bring dem to ol' Mau'ari, and she help ya out.$B$BWait here while I fix your charm.","Speak to Witch Doctor Mau'ari again in a moment to receive the lucky charm.","Here it is, $N. Remember, ya have ta carry it with you. Why don't ya head back to da wilds, an' see what ya be findin' there?","","","","",""
976,"Supplies to Auberdine","Delgren has asked me to deliver messages and supplies to Sentinel Starbreeze in Auberdine, but I am loathe to leave on my own. Dangerous foes operate in the forest, and I do not wish to risk letting these supplies and information fall into the wrong hands.$b$bIf you and others could act as my guards, I could leave now. With your protection, I have no doubt that we can see these goods safely to Auberdine.","Speak with Delgren the Purifier at Maestra's Post after seeing Feero safely through Ashenvale Forest.","You have done well today, $C. The items we sent to aid Auberdine will be of immediate use in dealing with the dark threats that infest the forest.$B$BTake these with my heartfelt thanks.","Protect Feero Ironhand","","","",""
977,"Are We There, Yeti?","Now that I have what I need to cover the mechanical moving parts, I only need one other thing. Well, actually two. Two horns!$B$BThe ice thistle patriarchs and matriarchs have the largest horns, so of course, those are the ones I want. That type of yeti inhabits a cave to the southeast. There are plenty of them there; you shouldn't have any problem finding them.$B$BRemember, I only want the best looking ones -- no beat up or broken horns, please!","Collect 2 Pristine Yeti Horns for Umi Rumplesnicker in Everlook.","I can't wait to show my friends! Now, just wait a moment while I attach these...$B$BPerfect!","","","","",""
978,"Moontouched Wildkin","Wildkin feathers from the Hinterlands appear to contain traces of magical qualities. These powers... they don't seem to be wielded by the creatures, it's more like they are simply inherent to the species -- part of their very essence.$B$BDuring my studies, I heard that a large population of wildkin inhabit the snowy lands of Winterspring. Could these creatures have the same powers? Please help me find an answer, $N. Go to Winterspring and gather feathers that have dropped to the ground, then return to me.","Collect 10 Moontouched Feathers from Winterspring, then return to Erelas Ambersky in Rut'theran Village.","Now I can compare the feathers... Let's see...","","","","",""
979,"Find Ranshalla","Yes, yes, these feathers seem to hold the same magical enchantment that I noticed previously... While I am not certain what we might find, I urge you to continue searching for answers, $N.$B$BA colleague of mine recently traveled into Winterspring to observe the wildkin there, in their own habitat. Why don't you catch up with her and see what she has found?","Find Ranshalla in eastern Winterspring.","Hi! Erelas sent you? Great, I was just preparing to travel up to the caves now, and I wouldn't mind company.","","","","",""
980,"The New Springs","Now, I've heard about other hot springs in a place called Winterspring, far to the north of here. The strange thing is, there are no volcanoes anywhere near them. Interesting, I know.$B$BWell, if you want to find out more, you should head to Winterspring and speak to a friend of mine. Her name is Donova Snowden, and she is currently staying by the hot springs there.$B$BThanks again for helping me with my thermometer! See you later!","Travel to Winterspring and speak with Donova Snowden.","Hi there, $N. Yes, what Krakle told you is true...","","","","",""
981,"The Tower of Althalaxx","For all the work that you have done, you deserve to be well rewarded. Return to Delgren and tell him that Athrikus Narassin lies stilled by your hand, and the Cult of the Dark Strand is beaten and scattered.","Talk to Delgren the Purifier at Maestra's Post.","I knew you would be up to the task, $N.$B$BI sense great deeds before you, and that you will right many of the wrongs that plague our lands. Bear my blessings, $N, as well as this gift.","","","","",""
982,"Deep Ocean Vast Sea <needs reward>","Off the coast of Darkshore to our north are two wrecked ships - the Silver Dawning and the Mist Veil.  Some time ago, both ships ran afoul of the blasted murlocs as they sailed across the vast sea into Auberdine.  They now they lie at the bottom of the ocean as trophies for those fiends.$B$BBoth captains didn't make it out that night, and their logs and other effects are still below in lockboxes.  I'd like for you to recover them for us; it would mean a lot to the crew members still around these parts.","Recover the Silver Dawning's Lockbox and the Mist Veil's Lockbox for Gorbold Steelhand in Auberdine.  Both items should be found aboard the wreckage of the ships to the north of the village.","You've done us here in Auberdine a great service, lad. We'll make sure that their effects are properly taken care of.$b$bAs for you, please have this. It is the least I can do for someone with the bravery to set things right.","","","","",""
983,"Buzzbox 827","Hey! Help me with my latest invention, the buzzbox. You can talk to people far away!$B$BMaybe you've already seen them, they're boxes with levers on them. The only problem is they need constant maintenance.$B$BEach one suffers from a different problem, but I made a really smart decision. I placed each one near creatures that have the proper parts to fix that particular machine. Right now Buzzbox 827 is on the fritz. It's just south of Auberdine, real close. It takes 6 Crawler Legs to fix it. I'll pay ya...","Collect 6 Crawler Legs and place them in Buzzbox 827.","As you place the Crawler Legs inside the machine, you hear gears begin to grind. Judging from the banging sounds coming from the Buzzbox, you believe the Crawler Legs are being put in their proper place. Soon the machine begins to hum, and you hear a tiny voice calling out from within.$B$B\"Hello? Uhh... Hello! You fixed it! This is Wizbang by the way! Thanks a lot... Hey, you wouldn't want to fix another one, would ya?\"","","","","",""
984,"How Big a Threat?","$N, I've come to find out how rampant the effects of Fel Moss are. Some of my brethren were rescued from a corrupt furbolg in Teldrassil, and I've vowed to stop any more atrocities before more of our kind are injured... or worse.$B$BI have seen a couple hints of corruption in Darkshore already, but I have yet to find any widespread signs. I think it would be logical if the investigation continued with the furbolgs. Would you find one of their camps, and return to me if you see any signs of corruption?","Find a corrupt furbolg camp in Darkshore and return to Terenthis in Auberdine.","This is terrible news indeed, $N.$B$BWith the furbolgs this close to Auberdine, we will have to prepare ourselves for the inevitable.$B$BThank you, $N.","Find a corrupt furbolg camp","","","",""
985,"How Big a Threat?","You've already proven adept at scouting our enemy, $N. Do you have what it takes to fight them as well?$B$BNot all adventurers prefer straightforward combat to the art of stealth and evasion.$B$BIf you think you're up for the task, then the furbolg camp south of Auberdine is currently the biggest threat to our people. You'll find some of the Blackwood tribe there. Kill 8 pathfinders and 5 windtalkers, and return to me here.","Kill 8 Blackwood Pathfinders and 5 Windtalkers and return to Terenthis in Auberdine.","Wash the blood from your garments, $N, and do not mourn what you had to do. Instead, give thanks. You have lessened the threat to our people here in Auberdine, even if Darkshore is still in jeopardy from the effects of fel moss.","","","","",""
986,"A Lost Master","$N, your skills have already helped me in my endeavor. Could I impose on you again to help Grimclaw and his master Volcor? In addition, I can craft you a magical cloak that will allow you to walk unhindered by Darkshore's creatures while you look for him.$B$BTo create the cloak, I'll need five fine moonstalker pelts from a moonstalker sire or matriarch to have enough material. The cats can be found north of here near Wildbend River or much farther to the south, closer to Ashenvale.","Find 5 Fine Moonstalker Pelts and return them to Terenthis in Auberdine.","These will do nicely, $N. I shall set to work on the cloak immediately.$B$BGive me a few moments, then return to me.$B$BOh, one more thing: after you've used the enchantment on the cloak you'll be limited in your interactions with others. If you can help it, do no more than speak to others. Much more than that could dispel the illusion.","","","","",""
990,"Trek to Ashenvale","$N, my mistress, Raene Wolfrunner, awaits you in the city of Astranaar within Ashenvale. With your help, perhaps we can at least ease some of the corruption that's taken hold there.$B$BHead south from here and stay close to the road--you'll find your way there without issue if you follow those directions.","Find Raene Wolfrunner in Ashenvale.","Ah, a $C from Darkshore. Selarin has done well to send you here so quickly, $N. I wish your trip here wasn't under such dire stress. Perhaps with your help we can improve matters.$B$BI would start my visit by speaking to the other citizens of Astranaar. Some could surely use your aid.","","","","",""
991,"Raene's Cleansing","$N, a longtime friend of mine is also aiding the Sentinels here in Ashenvale, but he has yet to return.$B$BHe had leads on finding an item that he thought could slow the furbolg attacks on our people--a rod created by a now-dead, evil wizard.$B$BBefore he left here, he mentioned seeking out a gem for the rod.$B$BHe mentioned the gem possibly being hidden at the shrine in Lake Falathim at the base of the mountain to the west. The gem was being held there before it was overrun.$B$BFind my friend, $N, please.","Find Teronis in Ashenvale.","Teronis' body lies broken atop the island. For some unknown reason, the murlocs have left it alone.$B$BThe deep slashes across his corpse obviously came from the weapons and claws of the murlocs.","","","","",""
992,"Gadgetzan Water Survey","We've got a position open for a temporary junior-grade surveyor in the Gadgetzan Water Company, if you're interested!$B$BWith the nomads seizing all our wells, we need to exploit more free sources of water!  There is water to be had in the desert, but only to those smart enough to survey them first.$B$BTake this dowsing widget and tap a sample of the water by the pool near Sandsorrow Watch.  It's right in sight of the trolls around there.  Bring the tapped widget back to me when you're done!","Use the untapped dowsing widget near the pool of water by Sandsorrow Watch.  Once you have collected the sample, return the tapped dowsing widget to Senior Surveyor Fizzledowser in Gadgetzan.","What's this?  You were ambushed by some sort of bad mojo creepy-crawly?  Oh, this does not bode well for the Gadgetzan Water Company, no indeed...$B$BI guess I should have told you about the reports coming in on some crazy bug-creatures that appear to be sucking up all the water in the desert.  At first, I thought it was just a crock.  We have enough trouble with the nomads as is; I thought it was just more of their shenanigans.  Well, now we know at least!","","","","",""
993,"A Lost Master","The cloak is complete, $N. The time has come to find Volcor. I can only hope we are in time.$B$BThe cloak's magic, once invoked, will not last long; perhaps five minutes. It will be up to you to know when to use it: I would suggest waiting until you find Grimclaw.$B$BIf what he has told me is true, you will find his master in a cave south of here. Grimclaw will be alongside the road waiting for you. Signal to him by waving when you see him, and he'll point the way towards his master.","Find Volcor in Darkshore and give him the Enchanted Moonstalker Cloak.","Wonderful! Terenthis found someone to help me.$b$bAnd look. a moonstalker cloak...<cough> Oh... that hurts. Thank you, $N.$b$bThe furbolgs wounded me before I managed to evade them. Give me a moment, and I should be fine to talk some more.","","","","",""
994,"Escape Through Force","All right, $N, force it is. Let's get out of here as soon as you're ready. We'll fight our way down to the road--Grimclaw should still be there. Once there, we can part ways.$B$BTerenthis will want to hear your version of the story immediately, so head to Auberdine after we make it out of here.","Protect Volcor until you reach the road, then speak to Terenthis in Auberdine.","$N! I'm pleased to see you've returned successfully. Your assistance to Volcor has given me faith that we can overcome the challenges facing us here in Darkshore and beyond.","Help Volcor to the road","","","",""
995,"Escape Through Stealth","All right then... if you're sure, we'll sneak out of here. Let us leave when you're ready.$B$BRemember, after you've escaped, meet Terenthis back in Auberdine. I'll head there on my own since I'll probably be moving faster than you.","Escape the Furbolg cave and meet Terenthis in Auberdine.","$N! I'm pleased to see you've returned successfully. Your assistance to Volcor has given me faith that we can overcome the challenges facing us here in Darkshore and beyond.","Help Volcor escape the cave","","","",""
996,"Corrupted Windblossom","","","You apply two Cenarion plant salves to the windblossom. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
997,"Denalan's Earth","Are you heading to the south?  To Lake Al'Ameth?  If so, then I have a task I might ask of you...$B$BMy colleage Denalan has a camp along the eastern end of the lake, where he is studying and experimenting on the plant life of Teldrassil.  He requested a package of rare earths from Darnassus and it was late, only recently arriving here in Dolanaar.$B$BCan you take him the package?","Bring the package of Rare Earth to Denalan at Lake Al'Ameth.","Ah, it's here!  I have waited for this rare earth for quite some time.  I hope it's still fresh...$B$BThank you for bringing it to me, $N.  You are a $r who is generous with $ghis:her; time.","","","","",""
998,"The Strange Fruit *GOSSIP*","","","You apply two Cenarion plant salves to the windblossom. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
1001,"Buzzbox 411","A tiny voice crackles from deep within the machine.$B$B\"Wizbang here! The next Buzzbox is north of Auberdine, on the beach$B$BSo, that Buzzbox is number 411 and it needs 3 Thresher Eyes for its repairs. They're just off the coast! The darkshore threshers... *Hic*... Sorry about that...$B$BJust like last time, when you give the Buzzbox the goods, it'll spit out your reward. *Hic*... What? No, I'm fine!\"","Collect 3 Thresher Eyes from Darkshore Threshers in the deep sea near Buzzbox 411.","The Buzzbox hums to life soon after you place the Thresher Eyes inside. There is a moment of static before you hear a familiar tiny voice call out.$B$B\"Crawler wine is the best...\" *hic*$B$B\"What? Oh, you fixed it already? Wow, you're a fasht one. Sho, would ya like to fix another?\"$B$BYou believe you hear a liquid being poured into a cup, followed by loud gulping sounds.","","","","",""
1002,"Buzzbox 323","The Buzzbox gives a burst of static as you hear Wizbang begin to speak.$B$B\"The next Buzzbox is number 323. Ish north of Auberdine but... where's the ale? Wha? Oh, ish on the road sho ya shouldn't have trouble finding it near the bridge.\"$B$BWizbang mumbles something incoherent before you hear a loud gulping sound.$B$B\"Thish one needs Moonstalker Fangs... 6 of 'em.\"","Collect 6 Moonstalker Fangs and place them in Buzzbox 323.","The Buzzbox suddenly leaps into action, and you can hear the distinct sounds of teeth being ground to dust coming from within.$b$b\"Sho, ya made it! Thatsh exshellent newsh... Sho... Why doncha move along? Oh! Unless you want another job!\"","","","","",""
1003,"Buzzbox 525","Over the boiling noises and dripping sounds coming from the machine, you hear Wizbang's wavering voice call out.$B$B\"Nexsht onesh far south down the road. Shouldn't be hard to find... jusht off to the shide... near a fensh. I think I hid it in shum bushesh... Bushessh. Hehehe... Yesh, Buzzbox 525 takes grizzled scalps from thoshe grizzled thistle bears. Boy thash a mouthful. Grizzshled... Hehehe...\"$B$BYou hear more gulping sounds as the machine cuts out. Then, suddenly, it bursts back to life.$B$B\"4!\"","Collect 4 Grizzled Scalps from Grizzled Thistle Bears to the south of Auberdine and place them in Buzzbox 525.","\"Sho yash gotsh the scalps in? That'sh sho great... Wha? Well, yesh I shuppose ya have realized that I can speaksh to ya without the materials in the machine. But I was telling the truth when I shaid they were broken!$b$bSee, in addition to being communimacation toolsh, the Buzzboxes also brew and distill fine liquor. Shorry for any deceptshion, but the nightelves do not apprecimerate my liquor trade in their townsh. I put shomething special in thish box to show my gratitude for yer effortsh. Enjoy!\"","","","","",""
1007,"The Ancient Statuette","I would charge you with a task, $N.$B$BI was on my small vessel, skimming over the submerged ruins of Zoram, when naga attacked me, surging from the water and tearing at me with their claws!  I fled, carrying what supplies I could to make this meager camp.$B$BBut when I reached the shore and ran... my prized possession was lost.$B$BPlease, $N, find the site of my ambush, along the coast to the north, and search for an ancient statuette.  It is the reason I have braved the dangers of the Zoram Strand.","Bring the Ancient Statuette to Talen, in his camp near the Zoram Strand.","You found it! Thank you, $N!$B$BThe old city of Zoram holds many secrets, and this statuette may be the key to many of them.","","","","",""
1008,"The Zoram Strand","There is evil lurking on our northwestern coast, known as the Zoram Strand.$B$BIt is the resting place of the doomed city of Zoram, destroyed during the Sundering and submerged beneath the seas.  It has been lost to the night elves for ages.  Lost, and nearly forgotten.$B$BNow, the naga have returned, and for what reason we do not know.  But reason matters little; we must slay these fiends and throw them back to the depths!$B$BReturn to me when your mission is complete.","Bring 20 Wrathtail Heads to Shindrell Swiftfire in Astranaar.","Very well done, $N.  Your actions in the Zoram Strand against the naga are commendable.$B$BI know your feat was not easily accomplished, for the strength and guile of the naga is well known to the night elves.  We know this, for we share a history with them.$B$BIt is a history I care not to repeat.","","","","",""
1009,"Ruuzel","I fear the ancient statuette's secrets will remain forever hidden unless you find the key to its ancient lock.$B$BThat key is a ring, the Ring of Zoram.  It belonged to the rulers of this city before the waves of the Sundering drowned it.$B$BFor years the ring was lost, but the naga have recently found it.$B$BTheir leader, Ruuzel, dwells on an isle on the northern edge of Zoram.  Please, $N, retrieve the ring for me!","Bring the Ring of Zoram to Talen near the Zoram Strand.","You found the ring! Thank you, $N. Please take this as payment, and know that your deeds today will remain forever in my memory.","","","","",""
1010,"Bathran's Hair","There is a plant that once grew in the old ruins of Bathran's Haunt to the north.  The plant was called Bathran's Hair and was known to cure ailments of the spirit.$B$BThere is a sick child in the village, and I believe it is more than just a physical illness.  Will you go to Bathran's Haunt and search it for Bathran's Hair?  I may need it to properly treat the child.$B$BBathran's Haunt lies north of Maestra's Post and just south of the border to Darkshore.","Bring 5 Bathran's Hair to Orendil Broadleaf in Ashenvale.","Ah, you have the hair!  Now I will mix a cure for the child, and pray my concoction works.$B$BAnd... Forsaken are at Bathran's Haunt?  Very troubling to hear, that is.  Very troubling indeed...","","","","",""
1011,"Forsaken Diseases","The Forsaken, the undead arm of the Horde, have crept into Ashenvale, lurking at our ruins and our barrows.  We believe their goal is to spread disease amongst the lands of the night elves.  We must confirm this!$B$BThe Forsaken have a camp south of here, near the Dor'Danil Barrow Den, where they create poisons and diseases and place them in bottles.  Fight your way into that camp and steal a bottle of disease.  Return with such a bottle.  I will test it and find its purpose.","Bring a Bottle of Disease to Kayneth Stillwind in Forest Song.","Very good, $N. Now... by testing the contents of this bottle, the goals of the Forsaken will be revealed!","","","","",""
1012,"Insane Druids","When I struggled with the Forsaken's poisons, I had a vision.  I had a vision of the druids in the Dor'danil Barrow Den, poisoned... murdered by the undead!  They are now errant ghosts, severed from their bodies and driven mad.$B$BSo that the druids' spirits might some day find peace, you must enter the Dor'danil Barrow Den and destroy its once great leaders: Taneel Darkwood, Uthil Mooncall and Mavoris Cloudsbreak.$B$BDo this, then return to me.","Kill the druids: Taneel Darkwood, Uthil Mooncall, Mavoris Cloudsbreak; then return to Kayneth Stillwind in Forest Song.","I felt the anguish of the Dor'danil Barrows lessen, and knew you had completed your task.$B$BIt was grim work you did, $N, for the spirits you destroyed were merely victims of the Forsaken's evil. But with their destruction, let us hope the other maddened spirits find peace.","","","","",""
1013,"The Book of Ur","$N, Shadowfang Keep holds a book, the Book of Ur, which would be much prized in my collection.  Ur was a great mage of Dalaran before the coming of the Scourge, his studies in other worlds are of much value to ... certain parties among the Forsaken.$B$BEnter Shadowfang Keep and find the book.  Bring it to me, and I will report your service to our Dark Lady...","Bring the Book of Ur to Keeper Bel'dugur at the Apothecarium in the Undercity.","Very good.  This book will add nicely to my collections of the workings of Ur.  His knowledge was great, but his conscience held him from true power.  And so when the Scourge came and his strength was tested, it failed.$B$BWe of the Forsaken cannot afford such weakness, if we are to survive...$B$B...If we are to conquer.","","","","",""
1014,"Arugal Must Die","Arugal still resides in Shadowfang Keep. We cannot claim Silverpine as a strategic stronghold for the Dark Lady until Arugal is slain.$b$bI shall see to it that his magic is eradicated, $n. But I leave it in your hands to see that Arugal meets the death he so deserves.$b$bTravel to Shadowfang Keep and put an end to Arugal's foul spells once and for all. Bring to me the vile wizard's head!","Kill Arugal and bring his head to Dalar Dawnweaver at the Sepulcher.","Silverpine Forest is finally free from the vice of that wretch Arugal. You have done the Dark Lady a great service, $n. Your tenacity shall be rewarded.","","","","",""
1016,"Elemental Bracers","Take this divining scroll--it can determine the creator of these elementals. But you will need something from them to use as a reagent to focus scroll's magic--their bracers should do nicely.$B$BA few intact bracers from the creatures should be enough. The other bracers will be useless for our purposes, but they may be worth something to a merchant if you wish to sell them. Once you have the intact bracers attempt to use the scroll. Return to me with the results and we shall proceed from there.","Collect 5 Intact Elemental Bracers and use the Divining Scroll on them. Afterwards, bring the Divined Scroll to Sentinel Velene Starstrike at the Silverwind Refuge.","Well done, $N, this should give us the information we need to have the culprit discovered. How would you feel about taking out the mage who fills our pools with corrupt elementals? The corruption of Ashenvale and beyond makes my stomach turn on its own--to have a wizard actively attempting to destroy it further sickens me to no end. We shall make him pay.","","","","",""
1017,"Mage Summoner","There's only one undead mage in the Barrens capable of defiling this many water elementals. He's also the only one foolish enough to try. Sarilus Foulborne is probably sitting at the top of Dreadmist Peak, laughing at me.$B$B$n, you must go into enemy territory and destroy this miscreant. I have had enough of his idiocy and we must show him what happens to those who annoy the Sentinels.$B$BDestroy him and bring me his head. Be wary though, the Horde may be watching for you.","Slay Sarilus Foulborne and bring his head to Sentinel Velene Starstrike in Silverwind Refuge.","Now I can see that repugnant smile wiped from his face forever. You have done very well, $N. Take this, the Light of Elune, drink of it when all seems lost and death is near. It may save you, Goddess willing.","","","","",""
1018,"Journey to Auberdine!","","","So you're the adventurous type, eh? I bet you'd like to see the distant lands of Kalimdor? I'll take you right over to Auberdine, on the coast of Darkshore.$B$BHang on tight! Here we go!$B$B<<Note: Our crack team of artists, programmers and shipwrights are$Bcurrently hard at work preparing the$B\"real\" boat for your sailing pleasure. In$Bthe meantime, please enjoy this free$Bteleport instead. -- Thanks, --WoW$BTeam>>","","","","",""
1019,"Journey to Menethil!","","","So you're the adventurous type, eh? I bet you'd like to see the distant lands of Eastern Kingdoms? I'll take you right over to Menethil, on the coast of Wetlands.$B$BHang on tight! Here we go!$B$B<<Note: Our crack team of artists, programmers and shipwrights are$Bcurrently hard at work preparing the$B \"real\" boat for your sailing pleasure. In$Bthe meantime, please enjoy this free$Bteleport instead. -- Thanks, --WoW$BTeam>>","","","","",""
1020,"Orendil's Cure","$N, I have created a cure that I believe will help the afflicted child.  Take it to Astranaar and give it to the child's parent, Pelturas Whitemoon.$B$BTo reach Astranaar, follow the road south, then east.","Bring Orendil's Cure to Pelturas Whitemoon in Astranaar.","This is from Orendil?$B$BHis skill with herbs and healing is great.  This cure gives me hope, when before I had little...","","","","",""
1021,"Vile Satyr! Dryads in Danger!","Listen, I don't know who you are, but I need your help. My sisters went to take back the Branch of Cenarius from the satyr. They said they'd be back soon, but it's been two whole days!$B$B$n, you have to find them! They were looking for the ruins of a night elf temple in Xavian to the northeast. I don't know what to think. Look for Anilia, she was leading them on the search.","Find Anilia in Xavian.","Judging by the gaping wound in her side, Anilia is on the verge of death.","","","","",""
1022,"The Howling Vale","Though we have put many resources and much effort into driving the remaining demons from the Felwood to the north, our successes have been few. We have been able to keep much of the demonic presence from Ashenvale.$b$bTo the north, near the Felwood border, the ruined shrine of Mel'Thandris has been overtaken by mysterious wolf-men. Their chilling calls have led the area to be known as the Howling Vale. The Tome of Mel'Thandris kept at the shrine may shed some light on why these wolf-men have come.","Go to the Howling Vale and study the Tome of Mel'Thandris, then return to Sentinel Melyria Frostshadow at the Shrine of Aessina.","The Tome of Mel'Thandris works in strange ways. The events it records, the events it shows... No one truly understands why it does what it does.$B$BNonetheless, it is clear that what Priestess Starsong received--this Scythe of Elune--bears further investigation.","","View the Tome of Mel'Thandris","","",""
1023,"Raene's Cleansing","As you rummage through Teronis' belongings, you find a journal that is still in good condition.$B$BYou take the journal and leave Teronis' corpse as is.$B$BThe only thing left to do is find the gem Teronis was seeking. Raene mentioned it being in the area. Perhaps the murlocs have it...","Find the Glowing Gem and return to Raene Wolfrunner in Astranaar with Teronis' Journal.","This is terrible, $N. Teronis is dead?!$B$BThe time for mourning will come, but for now we must focus our efforts. I shall send some of the Sentinels to recover Teronis' body as soon as possible.$B$BYou have Teronis' journal and the gem he was seeking. Do you think you're capable of completing his task? I would rest much better knowing his death was not in vain.","","","","",""
1024,"Raene's Cleansing","You'll have to do the research yourself, but from what notes Teronis has made, it sounds like your next course of action is to find the other pieces of the rod Dartol created. I would start by heading to the moonwell east of Iris Lake. When you're ready, follow the road and turn north when you reach a small sitting area on your left.$B$BA dryad there named Shael'dryn is better suited to guide you. Seek her out.$B$BKeep the gem with you--Shael'dryn will need it if she's to help you recreate the rod.","Find Shael'dryn at the moonwell to the northeast.","Oh, Raene sent you? It must be serious indeed. What can I help you with?","","","","",""
1025,"An Aggressive Defense","Before you travel to the moonwell I have another task that will aid the people of Ashenvale if you would like to test your skills.$B$BAlong the road heading east before the Falfarren River, furbolgs have been attacking travelers. Their tortured minds feeding upon fear, and their appetites satiated by the blood of innocents.$B$BAid the Sentinels in protecting the lands by showing those monsters the same mercy they have shown our kind.$B$BI believe their camps are south of the road... be careful.","Kill 1 Den Watcher, 2 Ursas, 10 Totemics, and 12 Warriors of the Foulweald tribe, and then return to Raene Wolfrunner in Astranaar.","You have done well, $N. Thank you.","","","","",""
1026,"Raene's Cleansing","I wish your tidings were better.$B$BRaene is correct, I know about Dartol's creation and the treants in the area--at least I did once. They've become corrupted now, their nature twisted.$B$BIf your goal is to find the next piece of the rod, then you'll have to find the key to open the chest it's in.$B$BThe wooden key is on one of the treants northeast of here, near Felwood. Once you have it, look for a small glade west of the road near the Felwood border... the chest should be hidden around there.","Find the Wooden Key and a piece of Dartol's Rod before returning to Shael'dryn at the moonwell.","I'm pleased to see you're back, $N.","","","","",""
1027,"Raene's Cleansing","The final piece of the rod was given to the druids of Dor'danil for safekeeping. I have no idea where they hid it. I'm sorry I can't help you more than that.$B$BAll I can tell you is to follow the road that leads towards the Barrens. The druids took shelter to the east of that road, but they won't be of much help to you: they were killed recently... it's something I don't like to think about much.$B$BWhen you find the final piece, bring it to me and I will help you reconstruct the rod.","Find the final piece of Dartol's Rod and return to Shael'dryn at the moonwell.","You found the final piece? Wonderful for you... and for Raene.$B$BI guess we'll have to see about repairing it, won't we?","","","","",""
1028,"Raene's Cleansing","Here is the completed rod, $N. Reconstructing it was simple... it's finding the shrine that has the power to recharge it that will be the hard part.$B$BWith some focus and effort it shouldn't be too hard for someone like you, who's already accomplished so much.$B$BHead southeast of here--there are very few paths, so be careful--and keep your eyes to the north. The shrine is hidden within the mountains that surround this glade.$B$BOnce there, place the rod within the shrine... the rest is magic. Hehe.","Find the hidden shrine and re-enchant Dartol's Rod.","After the glow dies, you can see the re-enchanted rod within the shrine's basin.","","","","",""
1029,"Raene's Cleansing","I suggest you find Raene and let her know the rod is finished. I'm sure she'll know what your next course should be.$B$BGood luck, $N.","Return to Raene Wolfrunner in Astranaar.","You've recreated the rod Teronis had set out to find? That's wonderful to hear.$B$BTeronis would be proud to see his quest is continuing even after his tragic passing.","","","","",""
1030,"Raene's Cleansing","Alas, I'm not completely certain what he had in mind next.$B$BIf what he said was true about the rod's power, then it will allow you to take on another form altogether. Which form, I do not know.$B$BPerhaps he meant to use its powers to get closer to the tainted furbolgs, but even the uncorrupted creatures would slaughter him were he not careful. Transformed by the rod, Dartol would have to speak to a furbolg who was safe from the effects of Fel Moss.$B$BI would start your search southeast of Mystral Lake.","Find an uncorrupted furbolg, and using the power of Dartol's Rod of Transformation, speak to him.","Yes, yes... you are one of my kind, but still whole. Still clean.$B$BI am unsure how you have escaped the atrocities the night elves have visited upon our people, but I am glad to know that I am no longer alone.$B$BCorruption now runs through the veins of our kin, young one, corruption brought down upon us by the prideful night elves. They are the ones who did this to our people... They are the ones I blame for being cast out of my tribe.$B$BAt night I can still see the campfires burning in the darkness.","","","","",""
1031,"The Branch of Cenarius","Anilia puts her hands on your shoulders and draws you close. Gasping, she points towards the arch to the north, before her eyes close and her last wheezing breath leaves her body. \"He has taken it... Geltharis...\" You know in your heart that Anilia's dying wish is to see the Branch of Cenarius back in dryad hands.","Kill Geltharis and return the Branch of Cenarius to Illiyana at the Shrine of Aessina.","Anilia died? No... that can't be! It was just yesterday that we were running and playing together in the woods.$B$BI guess those days are over...","","","","",""
1032,"Satyr Slaying!","I can't believe that Anilia is gone... We used to play together in the forests all the time. I almost feel... sad.$B$BI know something that might make me feel better. Please, slay the satyrs that took Anilia from me! Bring me their horns as proof of your actions and you will forever have my gratitude.\
\
","Bring 16 Satyr Horns to Illiyana in the Shrine of Aessina.","Thank you, kind $R. My sister's spirit is gladdened by your efforts.","","","","",""
1033,"Elune's Tear","I had hoped Orendil's cure would save Relara, but I fear it only slowed the disease running through my child.  We must find more powerful medicine!  Thankfully, Orendil spoke to me of further remedies to try should his first one fail.$B$BElune's Tear is a type of stone that rests in only one place: the isle on Iris Lake, east of Astranaar.  Orendil said the stone will wash away corruption... please, $N, bring me Elune's Tear and pray it will end my child's sickness!","Bring Elune's Tear to Pelturas in Astranaar.","Oh, you found it! I will place the tear in a stew, and pray that it will cure her.$B$BThank you! Thank you, $N!","","","","",""
1034,"The Ruins of Stardust","Elune's Tear washed clear some of my daughter's sickness.  Her nightmares are lessened and I thank the goddess for her blessing.  But ... fever still rages within her.$B$BOrendil told me of a frosted dust found among the Ruins of Stardust.  Perhaps it will abate Relara's fever.  Gather some of the dust, then please return to me.$B$BThe Ruins of Stardust lie to the south, $N.  May Elune speed your journey.","Bring 5 Handfuls of Stardust to Pelturas in Astranaar.","You gathered the dust! I will create a poultice from these -- it should bring down Relara's fever.$B$BThank you again, $N. Without your help, my child would surely perish.","","","","",""
1035,"Fallen Sky Lake","Relara's fever has passed, but she is still very weak.  I do not believe time alone will give her back the strength she has lost.  I believe it will take the power of a moonstone.$B$BWe used to gather moonstones at Fallen Sky Lake to the southeast... until the Shadethickets came.$B$BTheir leader, a Shadethicket Oracle, gathered up all the fallen moonstones and hoards them.  Now, you must retrieve a moonstone from the Oracle.$B$BAnd to do that, I fear that you must slay him.","Retrieve a Fallen Moonstone from the Shadethicket Oracle, then bring it to Pelturas in Astranaar.","Oh, $N, you have saved my daughter! I know the power of the moonstone will give back my daughter her strength!$B$BI can never repay you fully for the aid you have given me, but... please, take this. Other than Relara, it is my most dear possession.","","","","",""
1036,"Avast Ye, Scallywag","$N... yeah, I've heard of you.  I've heard that you're no friend of Booty Bay - just like us Bloodsail Buccaneers.  Fleet Master Firallon is looking for hale and hearty $g men : women; just like you for a special mission.$B$BIf you're interested, head on out to the Crimson Veil and speak with him below decks.  She's anchored off the Wild Coast east of here, next to the Riptide and the Damsel's Luck.","Speak with Fleet Master Firallon aboard the Crimson Vale off the coast of Stranglethorn Vale.","Avast ye, scallywag. I hears that ye be the type for a bit o' the skullduggery. Well, if yer no friend of Booty Bay, then ye might have a special place with the Bloodsail Buccaneers.$B$BArrrrr...","","","","",""
1037,"Velinde Starsong","Velinde Starsong was my predecessor here in Ashenvale Forest. At first it seemed she had the situation in Felwood under control, but little by little her efforts faltered. One day, she simply disappeared.$b$bI was sent here to continue her work. I'm afraid I know nothing of the priestess, however. Perhaps Thyn'tel Bladeweaver, one of the commanders of the Sentinels, knows further details of her disappearance that I was not a party to.$b$bSurely she will understand the import of such information.","Speak with Thyn'tel Bladeweaver at the Warrior's Terrace in Darnassus.","Velinde Starsong? That the priestess disappeared some time ago is almost certainly common knowledge. As to further details about the events that surrounded her departure... it would take good reason for me to divulge such information.","","","","",""
1038,"Velinde's Effects","The Tome of Mel'Thandris showed you this? I suppose there would be little harm in allowing you to examine her belongings. This key will allow you to open the chest where we stored her things in the Sentinels' bunkhouse. She kept a journal of her duties, if there is anything to be learned, it will be from that.$b$bI should tell you, the Sentinels believe that she had her own reasons for leaving, and expect that she could return at any time. The priestess has done much in the past to earn our trust.","Search through Velinde's chest for her journal, then return it along with the key to Thyn'tel Bladeweaver in Darnassus.","It seems that Velinde's disappearance is more troubling than it originally appeared. Even still, I cannot believe that she has come to a bad end. Perhaps it would be beneficial for us to make contact with her.$B$B$N, since you have shown a vested interest in this matter, I would like to enlist your aid.","","","","",""
1039,"The Barrens Port","Ratchet is the only port in the Barrens. Most likely Velinde found a trading vessel in Ratchet to take her to Blackwater Cove in Azeroth. We've had limited dealings with the goblins that run the port, but the master of the dock should have information about the comings and goings of ship passengers.$b$bFollow the road southeast through Ashenvale and you will find yourself in the Barrens. Watch your step, $n, warriors of the Horde patrol the land. You will be safe at the port, though.","Speak with Wharfmaster Dizzywig in Ratchet.","$R, eh? Must admit, we don't get much of your type out here. Looking for someone, eh? Just give me a moment, I'm sure I have it written in one of my ledgers.$B$BLot of people travel through here, though, so just give me a moment.","","","","",""
1040,"Passage to Booty Bay","Ah yes, finally found it. Should have told me she passed through here that long ago. Let's see.$b$bVelinde. Booked passage to Booty Bay on the Black Osprey. I don't have anything here saying otherwise, so I'd assume it arrived in port safely.$b$bNot much more help I can be to you, but she asked about overland travel over on that side of the world, and I mentioned Ruzzgot, a caravan driver based out of Booty Bay. Might be that this Velinde traveled with him.$b$bMove along, now. I haven't all day for you.","Take a boat to Booty Bay and speak with Caravaneer Ruzzgot.","Yes? Now, it doesn't look to me like you're the sort with goods that need shipping, so either you're looking for a job with my caravan--and there's no jobs to be had now--or you're probably talking to the wrong goblin.$B$BSo which one is it?","","","","",""
1041,"The Caravan Road","Turns out I was wrong about you, and that isn't something that happens everyday.$b$bIt just so happens that I remember this Velinde you're looking for. Isn't every day that a night elf priestess that wants to travel with a dirty old--but great for your shipping needs!--caravan like my own.$b$bWe split up on the way north, she was headed for Darkshire. The clerk there keeps all sorts of records. Might know something useful.$b$bBe careful in the jungle, it is a deadly place even at the best of times.","Speak with Clerk Daltry in Darkshire.","With all the strange happenings of the last few years, I keep as good records of strangers as I can. Never know when it might come in handy... though it's usually not pleasant business when it does. Not to suggest anything about this Velinde you're looking for.","","","","",""
1042,"The Carevin Family","No, I don't have any records of a Velinde Starsong staying in Darkshire... though, if you don't mind me saying, I can hardly imagine a night elf priestess taking a room in the inn, if you get my meaning?$b$bThese wolf-men you mentioned though, that's something I've heard about. Just the other day, Calor came into town with a string of their heads. He works with the Carevin family. Hunters of demons, undead, and other monstrosities. Speak with Jonathan, he's the head of the household.","Speak with Jonathan Carevin in Darkshire.","Dark times these are. Ill news is whispered from every swaying branch, and evil can be found under every rock.$B$BAnd in such times an unknown stranger enters my home and asks of worgen... I'll ask no forgiveness for my suspicions, only answers.$B$BAnd answers, I will have.","","","","",""
1043,"The Scythe of Elune","Your story rings true... I do not entirely understand your motives, but if your business here in Duskwood involves ridding the forest of worgen in any number, then I can forgo understanding for results.$b$bThere is a mine to the south that has been overrun with worgen... They appeared out of nowhere, but from what we know, that is where they first were found.$b$bGo about your business, but I would ask that if you find anything of import, you share it with me. We will accept any aid in our war against evil.","Look for signs of the Scythe of Elune then return to Jonathan Carevin in Darkshire.","It is an interesting story you tell, $N. Though the Carevin family's influence is not large enough that we might find the root of these troubles and finish them once and for all, we will do what we can to contain the worgens' numbers in Duskwood.$B$BAlready I have instructed Calor to make this his first priority.","","Find evidence of the Scythe of Elune","","",""
1044,"Answered Questions","We shall rein in the worgen problem, have no worry of that. This evil that your friend introduced to our woods will be contained, and I bear her no ill will for her actions. Strange events are afoot in these times, $n, and the darkness knows no respite.$b$bI will keep you no longer. I suspect that there are others that should hear of what you have found in the mines of Duskwood.","Return to Thyn'tel Bladeweaver in Darnassus.","So this is the fate of Velinde, is it? The high priestess will be disappointed to hear of this, they were good friends before her disappearance. Still, the Scythe of Elune was surely granted to her as a boon by our goddess, and it is unsettling to me that it has fallen out of her servants' hands.$B$BAnother matter for another time, however. I owe you my thanks in no small amount for what you have accomplished.","","","","",""
1045,"Raene's Cleansing","The night elves are as old as time, but their arrogance destroys their very world. And now it destroys our lives too. But that can no longer be controlled...$B$BI blame the elves for much, but we are still responsible for our actions. Even beyond the corruption, we are capable of great evil.$B$BRan Bloodtooth is one such evil. Power hungry, lusting... the corruption has only made him stronger. My hatred for the elves burns, but I do not wish ill upon their children, so we must police our own.","Kill Ran Bloodtooth and 4 Bloodtooth Guards and return to Krolg near Lake Mystral.","You have done well, my friend.$B$BThe forest is still tainted, but at least we know we have done a small part to return it to its former glory. If you wish to return to me again, I would enjoy the company of my own kind.$B$BBe well. Perhaps our tribes will meet again under less violent times.","","","","",""
1046,"Raene's Cleansing","Return to your own tribe and let them know of your victory here.$B$BShow them your trophy, and bask in the glory...","Bring Ran Bloodtooth's Skull and Dartol's Rod of Transformation to Raene Wolfrunner in Astranaar.","So, this is the skull of the fiercest furbolg threat in Ashenvale?$B$BI am more than pleased with your abilities, $N. The Sentinels cannot thank you enough. I hope we can rely on you again in the future to help our people.$B$BI shall put this skull and Dartol's Rod in a place of reverence for others to see.$B$BTeronis would be proud. Thank you again.","","","","",""
1048,"Into The Scarlet Monastery","Whilst the Dark Lady tends to the pressing issue of the Lich King's advance to the north, I am seeing to it that matters closer to home are being taken care of accordingly.$b$bNo doubt, the human pests who call themselves the Scarlet Crusade are proving to be the sharpest thorn in our side domestically. Tirisfal Glades is literally crawling with the little red ants.$b$bTravel to the Monastery, $c, and lay waste to High Inquisitor Whitemane and her top lieutenants.","Kill High Inquisitor Whitemane, Scarlet Commander Mograine, Herod, the Scarlet Champion and Houndmaster Loksey and then report back to Varimathras in the Undercity.","You have served the Dark Lady well, $c. 'Twas no small task I asked of you.$b$bYour loyalty to the Forsaken has been noted. And your tenacity in combat will be remembered.","","","","",""
1049,"Compendium of the Fallen","The Earthen Ring had pure intentions towards our plagued brethren. But who is to know the motivations of those whispering in the ears of the Elder Council?$b$bThe Forsaken whom we have allied with have a history wrought with deceit. Too hasty was our pact. Perhaps Cairne would have been wise to heed the warnings from Orgrimmar.$b$bDeep within the Scarlet Monastery lies the Compendium of the Fallen, guarded by crazed human zealots. Their method is forged from insanity but their research might prove useful.","Retrieve the Compendium of the Fallen from the Monastery in Tirisfal Glades and return to Sage Truthseeker in Thunder Bluff.","The Compendium of the Fallen! I was beginning to wonder if the very book existed!$b$bYou have served the tauren of Thunder Bluff well, $n. Your dedication shall not be forgotten.","","","","",""
1050,"Mythology of the Titans","The future is inevitable! We hurl ourselves towards it like falling raindrops to the Great Sea.$b$bBut perhaps, by studying the past, we can know what to expect and be better prepared for the unknown.$b$bBefore dire troubles fell upon Lordaeron, there was a bastion of knowledge tucked away in the Tirisfal Glades. It is rumored that a book called Mythology of the Titans was housed in the library of the old Monastery.$b$bBring it to me and perhaps together we can unlock the secrets of the past!","Retrieve Mythology of the Titans from the Monastery and bring it to Librarian Mae Paledust in Ironforge.","You have rescued the sacred text!$B$BYour journey was long and acquiring the book was undoubtedly no easy task. But the dwarves of Ironforge stand to benefit from your success.$B$BThank you, $N, on behalf of the Explorers' League.","","","","",""
1051,"Vorrel's Revenge","Even though my will is free, I can serve the Dark Lady no more. I feel my time on Azeroth has come to an end. My life force is shattered.$b$bInterrogator Vishas did this to me! Tortured me for weeks! Took my wedding ring and gave it to his wife. The bastard!$b$bRevenge... I want revenge!$b$bThe pompous fool bragged about his precious wife, Nancy, who lived along Lake Lordamere. Track the wench down, slay her and return my wedding ring to my wife, Monika in Tarren Mill.$b$bHeed my last wishes....","Return Vorrel Sengutz's wedding ring to Monika Sengutz in Tarren Mill.","Vorrel led such a troubled existence. And what a good mate he was...$b$bDamn those filthy humans!$b$bVorrel is gone, never to enjoy undeath again. At least I can take solace in the revenge you took in his name. For that I thank you.$b$bNow let me be to mourn....","","","","",""
1052,"Down the Scarlet Path","We of the Scarlet Crusade lay claim to strongholds from Hearthglen to Tirisfal Glades. We are quite proud of our bastions of cleansing throughout Lordaeron.$b$bYou have proven yourself against the undead in Desolace. But the true threat of the plague lies in Lordaeron.$b$bTravel to the town of Southshore, in the Eastern Kingdoms. Seek out a crusader named Raleigh the Devout. Give him this letter of commendation bearing my seal and he will escort you to a place of honor in our Scarlet Monastery.","Take Brother Anton's Letter of Commendation to Raleigh the Devout in Southshore.","Brother Anton still spreads the word of the Scarlet Crusade? Oh my....","","","","",""
1053,"In the Name of the Light","I once served the Scarlet Crusade with honor, loyalty and pride. I believed their cause to be a noble one: to rid Azeroth of the undead.$b$bBut as I spent time at the Monastery in Tirisfal Glades I realized that their grasp on reality was slipping. They now think everyone is plagued who doesn't wear the tabard of the Crusade. Innocent men and women were tortured because they were supposedly plagued. $b$bThe Scarlet Crusade must be crushed in the name of the Light. You, $n, must destroy the deranged regime.","Kill High Inquisitor Whitemane, Scarlet Commander Mograine,  Herod, the Scarlet Champion and Houndmaster Loksey and then report back to Raleigh the Devout in Southshore.","While disciples of the Light never revel in the loss of life, we must accept that on occasion, such sacrifices must happen for the greater good of the Kingdom and the planet.$B$BThrough your deeds in the Monastery you have spared many innocent lives, $N. I salute your tenacity.","","","","",""
1054,"Culling the Threat","Directly to the north of Astranaar are the Thistlefur furbolg. My scouts report that their numbers have grown greatly over the past few months. If they grow too great, they may find the courage to attack Astranaar directly.$B$BKill as many of their kind as you can, but bring me their chieftain's skull as proof that their efforts have been stifled... for now.$B$BI shall remain here in Astranaar and await word from you. Elune be with you.","Bring Dal Bloodclaw's Skull to Raene Wolfrunner in Astranaar.","Well done, $N.$B$BWe are under constant threat from the furbolg. Hopefully this will keep them at bay for a bit longer.","","","","",""
1055,"Raene's Cleansing","The rod, now complete, lies in your hands. Shael'dryn will want to hear of your success.","Return to Shael'dryn at the moonwell.","You've done it, $N! Well done!","","","","",""
1056,"Journey to Stonetalon Peak","The forest spirits tell me you are brave and willing to travel.$b$bTo the south, not far from Mystral Lake, there lies a tunnel named The Talondeep Path. Through this tunnel you will come to an area known as Windshear Crag in the Stonetalon Mountains. Once there, journey to the southwest past Cragpool Lake and then north, up the steep slope until you reach Stonetalon Peak.$b$bThere awaits Keeper Albagorm. Heed his bidding, $r.$b$bThe journey will be perilous.","Travel to Keeper Albagorm on Stonetalon Peak.","Alas, you arrive. I see Faldreas has listened to the forest spirits...","","","","",""
1057,"Reclaiming the Charred Vale","As a protector of the forest spirits you can undoubtedly guess why I am alarmed.$b$bYou have traveled through these mountains to reach this peak. Surely you have seen the travesty which has befallen the land. Greed has led to the destruction of these sacred hills.$b$bThe Charred Vale to the south was set afire by the greedy mechanized army of industrialists. Worse yet, the Bloodfuries that have encroached on the land refuse us passage in to begin regrowth.$b$bDrive the wretched harpies out, $n!","Keeper Albagorm on Stonetalon Peak wants you to slay 7 Bloodfury Harpies, 7 Bloodfury Ambushers, 7 Bloodfury Slayers and 7 Bloodfury Roguefeathers.","Now that the Bloodfuries have suffered such a great loss, perhaps the true work of restoring the land can begin....","","","","",""
1058,"Jin'Zil's Forest Magic","So excited I am!$b$bThree little cages for three little elves! But what shall we do with our lovely tree-hugging friends? Why, let's give them a taste of... what do they call it... forest magic!$b$bI'll need a good mess of Stonetalon sap. From those horrid felines, bring me some twilight whiskers. This calls for plenty of courser eyes, of course -- can never have enough eyes. Oh, and lest we forget, a precious scale from a fey dragon.$b$bHurry to Stonetalon Peak, $n, so I can brew some forest magic!","Witch Doctor Jin'Zil at Malaka'jin wants 5 portions of Stonetalon Sap, 5 Twilight Whiskers, 30 Courser Eyes and a Fey Dragon Scale.","Oh how happy these little woodland nymphs shall be! We'll make them feel right at home with this special concoction!","","","","",""
1059,"Reclaiming the Charred Vale","The Bloodfuries have been subdued. But they will regroup soon enough if action is not taken.$b$bFar south of the Barrens lies a land known as Thousand Needles. If you travel west in Thousand Needles until you reach the lush forest's edge of Feralas, you will find a druid named Falfindel Waywarder.$b$bThis great and wise druid is capable of calling forth great forest spirits which can aid in the reclamation of the Charred Vale.$b$bSend word of our need! Seek him out at once!","Travel to Falfindel Waywarder on the border of Thousand Needles and Feralas.","Keeper Albagorm was wise to send you with such urgency.$B$BLet us see if we cannot call forth aid from the great forest to travel to the Charred Vale before it is too late.","","","","",""
1060,"Letter to Jin'Zil","You've done so well for me, $n. You're a regular lucky rabbit's foot and there's something I want you to see.$B$BThe harpies are not from around the Barrens. They come from a place called Stonetalon, far to the northwest of here. Though it is probably a dangerous place for you, I need this letter delivered to an old friend of mine who lives there, a witch doctor by the name of Jin'Zil.$B$BHe'll be happy to know that Serena Bloodfeather is dead, and I think you'll find Stonetalon an interesting place.","Deliver Darsok's letter to Jin'Zil within his cave in Malaka'Jin, in Stonetalon.","Ahh, a letter from Darsok. I have not heard from him in many years.$B$BSo the last of the Bloodfeathers are dead, eh? That is good news, I can remember when my friend Rokhan went with that crazy mok'nathal to kill her older sister. Ah, to be young again, like you.","","","","",""
1061,"The Spirits of Stonetalon","The spirits of the Stonetalon Mountains are angered, for goblins and their servants are plundering and burning the land.  So the land has cried out, and those who listen for such things... have heard.$B$BSeereth Stonebreak, a promising shaman of the Horde, was sent to Stonetalon.  She reports massive deforestation at the hands of the goblins, and requests aid.$B$BMeet Seereth in Stonetalon.  To reach her, follow the road west of the Barrens' Crossroads.  She is camped near the Greatwood Vale.","Speak with Seereth Stonebreak in the Stonetalon Mountains.","Ah, a $C. Very good. We will need your skills to deal with these plunderers!","","","","",""
1062,"Goblin Invaders","The goblin-run Venture Company moved into the Stonetalon Mountains to the west, chopping down trees and burning huge stretches of forest.  The spirits of this place are nearly blind with pain and rage.  We must stop the Venture Company!$B$BHead west into the Greatwood Vale.  You will find the goblins and their servants at work -- show them the Horde will not allow the exploitation of Stonetalon.  Show them in the language they best understand...$B$BViolence.","Kill 12 Venture Co. Cutters and 10 Venture Co. Grinders, then return to Seereth Stonebreak on the border of Stonetalon and the Barrens.","Bravely done, $N.$B$BWe may ultimately need the wisdom of tauren elders to calm the spirits of Stonetalon, but...$B$BRidding the Venture Company of its personnel is a good first move against them.","","","","",""
1063,"The Elder Crone","To truly tend the spirits of Stonetalon we must consult the tauren elders.$B$BI do not know many of their leaders' names, but I do know of one: Magatha.  I have heard that she is very old, and she knows much.  If anyone can marshal spiritual aid from the tauren, it is she.$B$BMagatha resides in the tauren capital of Thunder Bluff, on Elder Rise -- the city's northeastern bluff.  Speak with Magatha, and tell her of the peril of Stonetalon Mountains.","Speak with Magatha in Thunder Bluff.","I bid you greetings.  You are here seeking counsel?","","","","",""
1064,"Forsaken Aid","The tauren have a bond with the land, and it pains me to hear of Stonetalon's plight.  But I fear that to heal the land, we must first remove the disease upon it.$B$BIs it not fortunate, then, that the Forsaken are allied with us?  They know much of disease.  I believe they can aid us, and by doing so they will strengthen the trust between our people.$B$BSpeak with Apothecary Zamah.  She is a scholar and an emissary of the Forsaken.  You will find her in the Pools of Vision below the Spirit Rise.","Speak with Apothecary Zamah in the Pools of Vision in Thunder Bluff.","Magatha sent word of your coming, $N.  Although my heart beats no longer, I still feel sorrow for the spirits of Stonetalon.$B$BThe Forsaken are eager to offer what help we can.","","","","",""
1065,"Journey to Tarren Mill","To rid Stonetalon of the Venture Company, we must take extreme measures.  Extreme, but without bloodshed.$B$BA colleague of mine may have just the tool we need.  His name is Lydon; he dwells in the town of Tarren Mill in the Hillsbrad Foothills, in the distant land of Lordaeron.$B$BTo reach Hillsbrad, travel by zeppelin to our capital, the Undercity.  Then go north to Tirisfal Glades, southwest to Silverpine, and south to Hillsbrad.$B$BSeek Lydon and bring him this note.  It details our needs to him.","Bring Zamah's Note to Apothecary Lydon in Tarren Mill.","A note from Zamah? Her needs must be great to send word from so far. Let us see what she says...$b$bAh, splendid! I know exactly what to do!","","","","",""
1066,"Blood of Innocents","I will create a toxin to bleed the violence from the Venture Company, rendering them weak and docile.  That should fix the Horde's problem in Stonetalon, yes?$B$BBut to create the toxin, I will need the blood of innocents, a difficult ingredient to obtain.$B$BFortunately the Syndicate, a group of human brigands in this area, employ shadow mages... and those mages collect innocent blood for their own, unsavory purposes.$B$BYou can find the Syndicate shadow mages in Durnholde Keep to the southeast.","Bring 5 Vials of Innocent Blood to Apothecary Lydon in Tarren Mill.","Very good!  I trust the Syndicate gave you little trouble?$B$BAs I mentioned, the blood of innocents is not an easy thing to obtain.  We are lucky the Syndicate shadow mages did the difficult work for us.$B$BNow hold a moment while I create my concoction...","","","","",""
1067,"Return to Thunder Bluff","Here is the toxin.  If you use it against the Venture Company it should produce favorable, perhaps even contagious, results.  I must say, it is quite exciting to see my work applied in the field!$B$BBut before using it, take it to Apothecary Zamah.  She must create a delivery method for the toxin to maximize its effect.","Bring Lydon's Toxin to Apothecary Zamah in Thunder Bluff.","A toxin from Apothecary Lydon? Very good. If I know Lydon, then this toxin will be quite effective against the Venture Company...","","","","",""
1068,"Shredding Machines","There is a relation to the spiritual magic of shamans and the natural magic of druids.  This is why we shamans can hear the plea of the spirits of Stonetalon.  Many of their whisperings are lost to me, but one message, one vision, is clear...$B$BI saw a vision of two man-shaped machines in Windshear Crag, northwest of Greatwood Vale, felling trees with impossible speed.  These metal beasts must be stopped!$B$BIn my vision, the machines were marked with strange symbols:$B$BXT:4 and XT:9.","Kill the shredders XT:4 and XT:9, then return to Seereth Stonebreak at the border of the Stonetalon Mountains and the Barrens.","The destruction of the machines XT:4 and XT:9 have soothed many of the spirits of Stonetalon, $N.  With their loss, let us hope the Venture Company will remove itself from these mountains.$B$BFor if they do not, then I fear the atrocities this place has suffered will pale to what lies ahead.","","","","",""
1069,"Deepmoss Spider Eggs","Spider egg omelettes are a new fad in Booty Bay!  The problem is... Booty Bay's got no eggs.$B$BI smell an opportunity!$B$BIn Windshear Crag and Sishir Canyon, in the Stonetalon Mountains to the northwest, lives the deepmoss spider.  Bring me its eggs and I'll pay a bundle!$B$BIn Windshear Crag, the eggs will be clustered under what trees remain.$B$BIn Sishir Canyon... well, if you have a weak stomach then maybe you should just collect the eggs at Windshear Crag...","Bring 15 Deepmoss Eggs to Mebok Mizzyrix in Ratchet.","You got them!  Thank you!$B$BI'll have these sent to Dizzywig and get them shipped to Booty Bay.  I can already taste the profits!$B$BHere is your cut, $N.  I couldn't have made this deal without you.","","","","",""
1070,"On Guard in Stonetalon","Hello, $N.$B$BYou seem to be full of wanderlust by the looks of you. Have you been to the Stonetalon Mountains? It is a land plagued by the Venture Co. and other enemies of the night elves.$B$BRecently, Sentinel Wolfrunner sent my friend Kaela Shadowspear there to investigate what's happening to the land, but I have yet to hear word back from her. I'm even more concerned because the Alliance sent a gnome mage along with her... a sign of trouble for sure.$B$BWould you find her and report back to me?","Find Kaela Shadowspear overlooking the valley entering Windshear Crag in the Stonetalon Mountains.","Ah, you've come from Ashenvale at the behest of Thenysil -- how I miss her, my homeland and friends. She must be doing well with the Sentinels to be sequestering adventurers for other tasks. I'm proud of her.$B$BIt is a pleasure to meet you, $N.","","","","",""
1071,"A Gnome's Respite","You see, $N, I'm a member of the Enlightened Assembly of Arcanology, Alchemy and Engineering Sciences, and it's my goal... nay, my DUTY! to show the night elves that a blend of magic, mixtures, and mechanisms can help save their forests.$B$BBut it's a hard fought war, and the goblins reproduce like rabbits it seems. I haven't even had time to build my newest inventions!$B$BI need some time to plan and organize. But to do that, I need your help keeping the goblins at bay in Windshear Crag to the east...","Kill 10 Venture Co. Loggers, and 10 Venture Co. Deforesters and return to Gaxim Rustfizzle in Stonetalon.","Thanks so much for your help, $N. You're actually back just in time.$B$BI think I've got the perfect plan. Explosives. No, that's not the plan, but it's part of the plan.$B$BSee, I've been using high explosives--don't worry, they're not as dangerous as everyone thinks--to scare the goblins back a bit. I can herd 'em pretty good with a few key detonations along the mountains' edges, but I've been low on supplies now for a few days.","","","","",""
1072,"An Old Colleague","The device I'm thinking about is my most advanced version to date. But we'll need a special potion if it's to work. I'm thinking we might as well get the good stuff since this mission could be your last.$B$BAnd for that, we're going to need some potent explosives: Nitromirglyceronium.$B$BThe only person who can make NG-5 is an old friend of mine: Lomac Gearstrip. Look for him in Tinker Town.$B$BYou talk him into making us some NG-5, I'll get to work on placement for my devices.","Speak to Lomac Gearstrip in Ironforge.","Ahhh. Gaxim sent you, huh? How do I know you're not lying to me?! Hmm? Hmm?","","","","",""
1073,"Ineptitude + Chemicals = Fun","Hahaha... you need Nitromirglyceronium to stop goblins from destroying a forest?!$B$BI don't care if you know Gaxim or not... I'll give you the stuff just to see you or them explode into itty bitty pieces.$B$BThere's a problem though: I'm all out.$B$BBut I'll tell you what, you bring me the correct potions, and I'll make some up for you right away.$B$BThe least you can do is prove you've got some skill as an alchemist before I just give you a sample of my greatest creation.","Bring 4 Minor Mana Potions and 2 Elixirs of Fortitude to Lomac Gearstrip in Ironforge.","This'll do nicely.$B$BIf I didn't know better, stranger, I'd say you knew somethin' about alchemy. Good, good... the world's not all about swords and sorcery, you know?","","","","",""
1074,"Ineptitude + Chemicals = Fun","Here you go, stranger. Take heed with it though... it's volatile stuff.$B$BIf you're really a friend of Gaxim's, then tell him I say hello. If you're not, then have fun blowin' yerself up.","Bring the Nitromirglyceronium back to Gaxim Rustfizzle in Stonetalon.","Your task has been done flawlessly, $N.$B$BNG-5 is the unequivocal component in the recipe to ignite the wagons of dynamite.$B$BWhat? Yes, dynamite... wagons of it. It's the perfect distraction, I tell you... just wait and see.","","","","",""
1075,"A Scroll from Mauren","Okay, now for the remote detonation part of my plan... oh, I haven't explained that yet, have I?$B$BOkay, so the short of it is this: with a little magic, I can make it so the explosives go off while you're not around. I'm putting together a device that'll allow you to push just one button and have the NG-5 explode when you're ready.$B$BBut I need a spell from a friend in Stormwind--Collin Mauren is his name. You can find him in the mage quarter there. He's human, so he shouldn't be hard to miss.","Find Collin Mauren in Stormwind.","Now, this spell you need; one that will allow you detonate explosives from a distance... hmmm.","","","","",""
1076,"Devils in Westfall","Ah, I think I have it. A messaging spell... I believe that's the effect he's looking for.$B$BI'll have to create a scroll with the spell impressed upon it. To do that I'll need debris from a dust devil.$B$BWhile I gather the rest of the components, why don't you head to Westfall and find one of the foul creatures? They are dangerous, but I'm sure it's nothing you can't handle if you're willing to subject yourself to one of Gaxim's experiments.$B$BI'll be here when you return.","Bring Dust Devil Debris to Collin Mauren in Stormwind.","Allow me just a few moments and I shall have your scroll ready for you.","","","","",""
1077,"Special Delivery for Gaxim","Here you are, $N. This should do nicely.$B$BPlease give my regards to Gaxim when next you see him. I look forward to hearing about this adventure when it sees its completion.$B$BFare well.","Bring the Scroll of Messaging to Gaxim Rustfizzle in Stonetalon.","This is perfect, $N! Well done.$B$BThis spell, mixed with the NG-5, shall make the perfect remote explosive.$B$BWe'll be able to create the perfect distraction for you so you can sneak in and steal the Venture Co.'s letters and engineering plans.$B$BThat will surely slow down their deforestation acts.","","","","",""
1078,"Retrieval for Mauren","Travelers keep asking me about the Stonetalon Mountains. It seems to be a popular place for adventure--it doesn't matter if you're seeking wyvern, elementals, or you have business with the Venture Co.$B$BWithin the Charred Vale, deep in Stonetalon, there used to be a species of basilisks whose scales, when ground to dust, made a wonderful reagent for some spells I've created.$B$BIf those basilisks still live, I would love to have a few of their scales.$B$BTake your time, it is no rush, but I can pay well.","Bring 8 Crystalized Scales to Collin Mauren in Stormwind.","This is perfect, $N. Thank you greatly.$B$BPerhaps one day in the future I'll be able to help you as you have helped me.","","","","",""
1079,"Covert Ops - Alpha","This is it, $N. Pay close attention. The devices are done, and ready to be used.$B$BTake these pages--they'll explain more about the detonators and explosives, and where you should place them.$B$BRemember, the success of your mission doesn't depend on how much destruction you cause. Plan Alpha's success depends on you bringing back the Venture Co.'s engineering plans from inside the lumber mill south of Cragpool Lake.","Retrieve the Venture Co.'s Engineering Plans from the lumber mill in Windshear Crag.","Truly amazing! This is a huge blow to the Venture Co.$B$BWe'll be able to find weaknesses in their machines and also incorporate their designs into our own creations. This is a wonderful day, indeed.","","","","",""
1080,"Covert Ops - Beta","Plan Beta's just like Plan Alpha, $N.$B$BWe cause a distraction and then steal their precious letters.$B$BThe key is to get their letters... remember that.$B$BThe pages I gave you already will tell you where to plant the explosives. Just get back here alive and with those letters....","Retrieve the Venture Co. Letters from Windshear Mine at the east end of Windshear Crag.","Incredible, $N! Kaela and the Sentinels will be so happy. With your skill and my creations, we're unstoppable.","","","","",""
1081,"Reception from Tyrande","$N, I am sure Tyrande Whisperwind herself would like to thank you for taking part in this mission.$B$BIt may not appear so on the surface, but what you've helped start could very well strengthen our foothold in the Stonetalon Mountains.$B$BIf you consider yourself our ally against these atrocities, go see Tyrande in the Temple of the Moon in Darnassus.","Find Tyrande Whisperwind in Darnassus.","Hello, $N. I have indeed heard your name before, and although you are still full of youth, I am pleased to see the path you have set for yourself.$B$BYou would do me a great honor if you would accept this as a gift of appreciation.","","","","",""
1082,"Update for Sentinel Thenysil","$N, you have done a great deed by lending a hand here.$B$BThe Sentinels of Ashenvale will reward you well if you informed them that Gaxim and I are alive. Tell them we are well on our way to stopping the Venture Co. and healing the lands.$B$BFind Tara Thenysil in Astranaar; she will be pleased to see you've returned with good news.","Return to Sentinel Thenysil in Ashenvale.","Thank you, $N. You have done a service to the Sentinels.$B$BI'm glad to see Kaela... and even Gaxim, are doing well.$B$BYou've earned our appreciation.","","","","",""
1083,"Enraged Spirits","I'm unsure what the Venture Co. did to the Vale, but it's obvious they were overpowered by the creatures there.$B$BThey set the forest aflame, and used their inventions of destruction to decimate as much of the Vale as possible.$B$BBut in their ignorance they also released something else: burning spirits, elementals of flame, stone and rage.$B$BThe land has no chance to see Elune's smile while these creatures roam free.$B$BBring me their smoldering embers to show you've reduced their numbers.","Bring 8 Smoldering Embers from any of the fire elementals in the Charred Vale to Kaela Shadowspear in Stonetalon.","The remains of our enemy... your strength serves us well, $N. Thank you.","","","","",""
1084,"Wounded Ancients","It seems obvious to me that the protectors of the Vale--the treants--had something to do with the Venture Co. being driven back. Unfortunately, even those once great guardians have now become corrupt.$B$BGaxim thinks their corruption is somehow linked to the weapons the goblins used during their retreat.$B$BI told him I'd collect a sample from a wounded treant and allow him to study it in order to figure out if that's true.$B$BBring me some of the shrapnel so the gnome can tell me more...","Bring a piece of Corroded Shrapnel to Kaela Shadowspear in Stonetalon.","Thank you, $N.$B$BThis should be more than sufficient for Gaxim to figure out how the treants were corrupted. I shall give this to him right away.","","","","",""
1085,"On Guard in Stonetalon","The situation here in Stonetalon is obviously grave for a night elf and gnome to be working together.$B$BThe Venture Co. has devastated these lands and I've spent most of my time putting an end to the destruction.$B$BDo not judge Gaxim prematurely; he understands the need for us to work together.$B$BIf you wish to aid us, then start by speaking to Gaxim.$B$BI'm sorry I cannot send you back to Tara with good news yet. Perhaps soon.","Speak to Gaxim.","Treacherous...treacherous and dangerous, that's what this land is.$B$BBut I'm here to show the night elves that it's a little safer with the help of good ole engineering and a dash of magic.$B$BSee, swearing off magic completely won't help the night elves -- they need it. The world needs it. And with engineering and alchemy to boot, you can't go wrong. The possibilities are endless.","","","","",""
1086,"The Flying Machine Airport","The toxin is ready.  All that remains is its delivery.  You, $N, must make that delivery.$B$BThe Venture Company must have a means of sending messages and light cargo between its headquarters and its operations in Stonetalon.  It is likely a small sky port -- not big enough for a zeppelin, but perhaps for a flying machine.  You must search the areas in Stonetalon under control of the Venture Company and find this sky port, if it exists.  If you find it, then place the toxin there.$B$BPlace it, and run.","Bring the Toxic Fogger to the Venture Co. sky port, then return to Apothecary Zamah.","You found the port? Well done, $N! I am sure the goblins were quite surprised from your delivery! Let us hope that toxin finds its way to their headquarters.$B$BYou have served your people well, and I advise you to ignore any guilt you might harbor for poisoning the Venture Company. They are deserving of far worse.$B$BAnd if there is one mote of wisdom the Forsaken might teach its allies, it is this:$B$BDo not shy from dark paths... if those paths lead to victory.","Place the Toxic Fogger","","","",""
1087,"Cenarius' Legacy","You cannot imagine the hatred I possess for this wretched land. The ilk of Cenarius and the kaldorei druids at the peak employ their pathetic powers to stifle the flow of magic, even so far south of their pathetic holdings... their beloved forests.$b$bWould that I could return to Jaedenar and exult in the flow of magic, but my master will not allow me to return until my work is done.$b$bI have no doubt you love the night elves and their allies as little as I. Aid me, and both our ends might be satisfied.","Kill 4 Sons of Cenarius, 4 Daughters of Cenarius and 4 Cenarion Botanists for Braelyn Firehand near Sun Rock Retreat.","Already I can feel it... yes... power so sweet... the rushing flood. The kaldorei are foolish to spurn the gifts of this world, to reject the coursing of magic as it flows singing through your veins.$b$bWhat a pale mockery life is without its burning embrace!","","","","",""
1088,"Ordanus","They thought that they could halt the flow of magic. They were mistaken. They thought that they could hide Ordanus, but I will have his head!$b$bMagic grants me true sight. Yes... there he is. A crossroads... At the top of a great tree in Ashenvale Forest. A name... Raynewood. One of the eldest sons of the forest god. They spirited him away from the peak before I could find him, but his time runs short.$b$bBring it to me and I will share with you a mighty gift.","Bring Ordanus' head to Braelyn Firehand near Sun Rock Retreat.","I knew Ordanus once, long ago. He had the arrogance of his kind, holding himself above even the Highborne.$b$bHis head does not rise so high now, does it, $n?$b$bI promised you a reward, and you shall have it. Attend to me.","","","","",""
1089,"The Den","The druids built the Talon Den on Stonetalon Peak, where they keep many powerful items.$b$bThey devised a complex scheme to keep them from falling into the wrong hands.$b$bLuckily, I managed to... extract some details from one of them.$b$bHidden in a small lantern at the entrance of the Den, you will find the Gatekeeper's Key--with it you will be able to open caches around the Den. The items from these caches will allow you to open their hoard, located in one of the central areas.","Travel to the Den on Stonetalon Peak. Using the Gatekeeper's Key, obtain the druids' hidden items. Use these items to open the Talon Den Hoard. ","As the three keys are slid into their matching openings, in the middle of the glowing light a number of items appear.","","","","",""
1090,"Gerenzo's Orders","You know, I was once the second most important person here at this site. That all changed when Gerenzo took over. Fired my boss, Ziz Fizziks, and sent me down to work in the mines. Ziz told me to stay here and gather information, though. His new boss will pay us well if we can find out what Gerenzo's plans are.$b$bAnyways, what I do know is that Gerenzo has ordered large amounts of this gold-green ore to be mined. I can get you a sample to bring to Ziz, but you'll have to watch for patrols while I get it.","Get the mysterious ore from Piznik after he finishes mining it.","Thanks, $N. It was looking a little dicey there for a second and we've probably drawn far too much attention to ourselves.$b$bThe important part is that we have the ore sample, though, and we should get it to Ziz as soon as possible.","Keep Piznik safe while he mines the mysterious ore","","","",""
1091,"Kaela's Update","$N, take these letters to Kaela. I'm sure she'll want to know about this. Or at least the Sentinels will.$B$BMake sure you tell her how successful we were and how we couldn't have done it without a little bit of magic.","Bring the Venture Co. Letters to Kaela Shadowspear.","This is interesting indeed.$B$BYou and Gaxim have done very well, $N. Thank you.","","","","",""
1092,"Gerenzo's Orders","I guess I'd better think about getting out of here, also. It won't take long for word of what happened here to spread to the higher ups, and I'm sure they wouldn't take too kindly to meeting me again.$b$bI'll sneak out and meet with Ziz. Hopefully, he'll be able to find me a new job!$b$bI'll try and clean up this mess a little, but you should take the ore sample to Ziz right away. He told me that he'd set up camp somewhere on the western side of Windshear Crag. Good luck.","Deliver the Unidentified Ore to Ziz Fizziks in the Stonetalon Mountains.","Ahhh, I knew that I did the right thing by telling Piznik to stay behind. I'm sure the engineers in Undermine will be most interested to look at this...$b$bOf course I'll want to keep a little piece for myself, but what they don't know won't hurt them, yes?","","","","",""
1093,"Super Reaper 6000","Terrible what the Venture Company has done here, eh? What were they thinking? Goblin company hiring a gnome!$b$bLucky for me, Sputtervalve knows a genius when he sees one. Hired me just after I'd been kicked out!$b$bTells me they built some enormous woodcutting machine, and Sput' wants me to steal the plans for him. Unfortunately, Gerenzo--bloody gnome--wants me dead on sight... maybe you could steal the plans for me? You should be able to find them on one of their operators.","Get the Super Reaper 6000 Blueprints for Ziz Fizziks in the Stonetalon Mountains.","Hey, is that what I think it is? Great!$b$bNow, let's see. Ugh... how am I supposed to understand this stuff... can't figure out the way gnomes think. Lemme tell you, I'm surprised they could build the wheel, let alone those flying machines they like so much.","","","","",""
1094,"Further Instructions","This envelope has all the information I was able to snatch as they booted me out the door... Venture Company internal documents, some manuals, technical things... Oh, and of course the Super Reaper 6000 blueprints.$b$bSputtervalve has taken up residence at Ratchet in the Barrens. Shouldn't have much trouble finding him, he's a little green fellow.","Deliver the Sealed Envelope to Sputtervalve in the Barrens.","Fizziks, eh? Can't say I trust him, but this information seems good enough. What I wouldn't give to have the Venture Company out of my hair.$b$bThey do come up with some good machines though... I can't deny that we've benefited from using some of the improvements they've devised.","","","","",""
1095,"Further Instructions","The matter of this gnome that has been hired by the Venture Company has caused a bit of a stir in Undermine. The trade princes do not approve of Razdunk's consorting with this Gerenzo.$b$bRiddlevox has asked me to take care of the problem, and I'm sure he was instructed to do so by one or more of the trade princes. Of course, the Director didn't tell me that. Let's just say I have a hunch.$b$bWhatever the case, Gerenzo must be removed, and it would be a fitting test to have Fizziks take care of him.","Bring the new orders to Ziz Fizziks in the Stonetalon Mountains.","Eliminate Gerenzo? Now there is a prospect that I have no objections to.$b$bGnomes are bad enough as it is, but what I learned about Gerenzo only makes it worse. Apparently, he was one of the head engineers in Gnomeregan, where he was working on their secret project--we could never infiltrate Dun Morogh well enough to find out specific details. It was a failure. Our reports say that whatever it was literally exploded in their faces.","","","","",""
1096,"Gerenzo Wrenchwhistle","I met Gerenzo once, but let me tell you, he's not easy on the eyes. His flesh looks like it's rotting away, and he's grafted metal and gears onto his body, replaced some of his limbs with mechanical ones.$b$bNortheast of here, far above Cragpool Lake, up near the water wheel is where Gerenzo watches over the entire site. There's no way I could fight my way up there, not to mention take on Gerenzo... But you look like you might be able to make it.$b$bIf you kill him for me, I'll make it worth your while!","Bring Gerenzo Wrenchwhistle's Mechanical Arm to Ziz Fizziks in the Stonetalon Mountains.","Look at that thing... it'd take a gnome to come up with something like that. I can't understand why you'd cut off an arm, and replace it with that, when you could just keep both arms and add a third!$b$bGnomes, I tell you...$b$bAt least Gerenzo's out of commission. Hopefully that'll be enough proof, and Sputtervalve will assign me to one of the Tinkers' Union workshops in Gadgetzan or maybe even Undermine.","","","","",""
1097,"Elmore's Task","There's a dwarven weaponsmith in Stormwind, Grimand Elmore, who sent word that he needs help with a delivery.  I believe he wants a package sent to his homeland in the north.$B$BYou have a sturdy pair on you!  So if you're interested in some legwork then speak with Grimand.  We could use you down here, but we must also keep our ties strong with the dwarves.$B$BYou can find Grimand Elmore at the weapon shop in the Dwarven District of Stormwind, in the northeast section of town.","Speak with Grimand Elmore.","You're here to help with my delivery?  Very good!","","","","",""
1098,"Deathstalkers in Shadowfang","In preparation for an assault on Shadowfang, two deathstalkers were sent to the keep to gather intelligence.  It has been many days and they have not returned, but we must receive their report if we're to have any hope of a successful attack!$B$BSo here is your task, $N.  Go to Shadowfang Keep to the south and find the Deathstalkers Adamant and Vincent.  Find them, and if they require aid then give it.$B$BThis mission is as dangerous as is it critical, $N.  Do not fail.","Find the Deathstalker Adamant and Deathstalker Vincent.","Vincent's body lies broken, and still.$B$BAlthough Deathstalker Adamant will send his report to Hadrec... whatever additional details Vincent gained must remain with him.$B$BBut clutched in his hand is a small trinket...","","","","",""
1100,"Lonebrow's Journal","You slowly open the weathered journal of Henrig Lonebrow....","Read Henrig Lonebrow's Journal.","You say you found this journal on a deceased dwarf? Give me but a moment to peruse the pages...","","","","",""
1101,"The Crone of the Kraul","Poor Heralath! And this dwarf... Lonebrow. What a brave soul he was.$b$bWe must not let their valiance go for naught. This crone... Charlga Razorflank ... must be stopped.$b$bSurely, infiltrating the Kraul will be perilous. There isn't time to send word to Darnassus. $n, assemble a party to slay the crone.$b$bBring me Razorflank's Medallion as proof of demise.","Bring Razorflank's Medallion to Falfindel Waywarder in Thalanaar.","The crone has been laid to rest. This is fantastic news, $N.$B$BIn these times of peril, it is refreshing to see one as brave as yourself.$B$BWith Razorflank's minions taken care of, our studies in the area can continue. Perhaps now we can gain further knowledge of exactly what happened to corrupt the resting place of Agamaggan.$B$BHowever, I fear the answer to that question lies in treachery as well...","","","","",""
1102,"A Vengeful Fate","Cairne is a noble leader for uniting our people here on Thunder Bluff.$b$bBut I cannot forgive those who drove us from our ancestral lands as easily as some. My people inhabited the southern Barrens for decades. The land was holy to us. But we were driven off by numerous foes.$b$bA vengeful fate awaits the crone, Charlga Razorflank, who musters a foul army from within Razorfen Kraul.$b$bBring me Razorflank's heart and I can die in peace, $n.","Bring Razorflank's Heart to Auld Stonespire in Thunder Bluff.","I see the nasty tribe of Razorfen Kraul now knows the pain of my people. Serves the foul beasts right.$b$bTo drive one from a holy land is a sin worthy of the most severe revenge.$b$bThank you, $n, for aiding me in my plight.","","","","",""
1103,"Call of Water","Greetin's, $g brotha:sista;! Have you too come to purify the waters here and prove your understandin' to Islen?$B$BI've just defeated the corrupt water spirit meself, and I'm just 'bout to put da bracers and remaining drops o' water on the brazier.$B$BWhat's dat? Ahhh. Tiev understan' all too well when somethin' goes wrong. Well, Tiev can help you plenty if you be needin' to see the pure water spirit again.$B$BBring me a water sapta from Islen as proof that you be ready, an' I'll wait to turn in me parts.","Bring a Water Sapta to Tiev Mordune in Silverpine Forest if you failed to speak to the Minor Manifestation of Water.","Ahhh, den yur ready...$B$BI'll put me items in the brazier den, and you c'n talk wit' da spirit too.$B$BAn' dontchu worry none 'bout seein' into da spirit world wit' da sapta... ol' Tiev know a trick or two 'bout how da sapta magic works.$B$BCome now, head down wit' me to the shrine and let's speak to da spirits together, brotha.","","","","",""
1104,"Salt Flat Venom","I have so many designs for our rocket car!  So many!  And I must try them all!!$B$BI'm working on a new type of fuel.  One that burns really really really hot!!  I haven't gotten the mixture perfect, but I think I know what I need...$B$BThe scorpids who wander the Shimmering Flats have a venom with lots and lots of salt in it.  It's very unique!  And it's just what I need!$B$BBring me venom and trust me -- our car will fly!!","Bring 6 Salty Scorpid Venoms to Fizzle Brassbolts in the Shimmering Flats.","All right!  This venom is going to work great!  Thanks, $N!$B$BNow I just need to boil it down, apply skipper-otomer, add a nega-catalyst, and... Drat!  Where are my notes!?","","","","",""
1105,"Hardened Shells","My brother is working on a new fuel for his rocket car.  He's brilliant, he really is.  So brilliant that... I think that new fuel he's designing is strong enough to eat right through the car's chassis!$B$BI want to reinforce its fuel tanks before that happens.$B$BThe tortoises out on the flats have very hard shells.  I want to use them to create new tanks for our rocket car.  Tanks that can hold my brother's new fuel.$B$BYou look responsible enough.  Will you get me those shells?","Bring 9 Hardened Tortoise Shells to Wizzle Brassbolts in the Shimmering Flats.","You got them!  Thanks, $N!$B$BWow, these shells are harder than I thought!  Heh, when I work with them I'll probably bend a whole box full of tools!","","","","",""
1106,"Martek the Exiled","I'm developing a new engine that'll make the car go so fast!  Fast enough to fly, I know it!  I just need to make pistons that can handle very very heavy stress.  All my trials have failed because I can't make pistons hard enough!$B$BBut there is someone who might know how.$B$BHis name is Martek the Exiled.  He is a great smith and knows more about metal than anyone.  Take him this letter, I know he can help!$B$BBut he's far far away -- in Azeroth, in the Badlands, in a camp, with a goblin!$B$BFind him!","Bring Fizzle's Letter to Martek the Exiled in the Badlands.","Fizzle sent you? Well that changes things! Of course I'll help you. Fizzle and his brother are two of the few people who don't want me dead!$b$bSo Fizzle wants to make pistons, eh? Pistons strong enough to take whatever stresses he has planned, and if I know Fizzle, then this new car of his is a volcano on wheels!","","","","",""
1107,"Encrusted Tail Fins","Our rocket car is the fastest thing on the flats!  So fast that ... I'm afraid friction is going to tear it apart!$B$BTo prevent that I need to create a composite to coat the car's moving parts.  It must be hard but not brittle, and must be resistant to salt corrosion, or time spent on the Shimmering Flats will eat it away.$B$BHave you heard of the Vile Reef, $N?  It's off the coast of Stranglethorn Vale.  Saltscale murlocs live there, and their tail fins are a crucial ingredient of my composite.","Bring 10 Encrusted Tail Fins to Wizzle Brassbolts in the Shimmering Flats.","Thank you, $N! After I grind these down and fuse them with a few other ingredients, the composite will be ready. And after that, the car will be safe from its own speed.$b$bSafe, as long as it doesn't hit anything...","","","","",""
1108,"Indurium","I'm not out here just to stay away from people.  There is a wealth of metal in the Badlands, $N, if you have the guts to get it.$B$BThe metal's called indurium and as luck would have it, it is rumored to possess high resistance to heat and stress.  It might work for Fizzle's car.$B$BBut let's make sure.  Get me samples of indurium and I'll test its properties.$B$BTrue indurium ore lies deep in Uldaman, but the Stonevault troggs of the Badlands sometimes have flakes of it on them.  Bring me those flakes.","Bring 10 Indurium Flakes to Martek the Exiled in the Badlands.","Ah yes, these will do fine. Now let's put them in some heat and see how they fare...","","","","",""
1109,"Going, Going, Guano!","As you can see, $n, we're up to some very.... interesting experiments at the Royal Apothecary Society.$b$bAs the Master here, it is my job to oversee the most ambitious of our alchemical attempts. So much work and so little time!$b$bYou look well traveled for a $c. Perhaps you can aid me.$b$bI'm in need of a rare substance. It's foul material; it comes from a rare species of bats only found in the muck-hole known as Razorfen Kraul. Bring to me the guano from the Kraul Bats so we can begin our work...","Bring 1 pile of Kraul Guano to Master Apothecary Faranell in the Undercity.","Splendid! This is just the start we needed, $n.","","","","",""
1110,"Rocket Car Parts","Heh heh, with all the races they're running here, it's no surprise that a few mishaps happen along the way.  If you look around the Shimmering Flats then you'll see evidence of past crashes -- scraps of rocket car parts are littered everywhere!$B$BAnd those parts are worth money to the gnomes and goblins.  They're always looking for more contraptions to slap onto their cars.$B$BSo go out and get me parts.  Bring me a heap and I'll pay you well.","Bring 30 Rocket Car Parts to Kravel Koalbeard in the Shimmering Flats.","Whoa, look at all that!  There's some good stuff in that heap of junk.  I'm sure I can pawn it off for a hefty sum.$B$BAnd... is that an ear I see squashed between those two sheets of metal??  Ouch!  Heh, I sure wouldn't want to be that pilot!$B$BThanks, $N.  Here's your pay.  And here's some advice, free of charge...$B$BIf you look hard enough, you can always find profit in someone else's tragedy.","","","","",""
1111,"Wharfmaster Dizzywig","I make it my job to get people what they need, and the gnomes over there need a parts order filled.  Their parts were shipped to Ratchet a week ago, but I haven't been able to make the trip.$B$BSo, are you ready for some legwork?  Go to Ratchet and give this parts order to Wharfmaster Dizzywig -- he'll probably be at the docks.$B$BDo this for me, and I'll have more jobs for you.$B$BJobs, my friend, with serious profit potential...","Bring Kravel's Parts Order to Wharfmaster Dizzywig in Ratchet.","Oh yes.  Parts for Kravel.  I'm glad you're here.  These things have been sitting out here for days, and I was afraid they'd rust!","","","","",""
1112,"Parts for Kravel","Here's Kravel's package, $N.  And when you deliver it, tell him... if he wants more special orders, then he'll have to pay his tab!","Bring Kravel's Parts to Kravel Koalbeard in the Shimmering Flats.","Great, you got them!  Now we need to get them to the gnomes.  But first...$B$BLet's take out one small item...","","","","",""
1113,"Hearts of Zeal","Why do I need a rare type of guano, you might ask. Well, for this experiment I want to see what effect two diametrically opposed chemical substances can have on each other, especially when both are combined with an ever-toxic agent to ensure the most... ghastly results.$b$bIn the northeastern peaks of Tirisfal Glades lies the Scarlet Monastery. There the crazed disciples of the Scarlet Crusade congregate. Slay them and bring me their zealous hearts.$b$bOur concoction will be most wicked!","Master Apothecary Faranell in the Undercity wants 20 Hearts of Zeal.","My what an abundance of gore you have brought me, $n! Your efforts have been most excellent!","","","","",""
1114,"Delivery to the Gnomes","Now that I have what I need, give these parts to Fizzle Brassbolts.  He's been waiting a long time for them -- I'm sure he won't miss the little piece I removed from his order...$B$BAnd I wouldn't bother mentioning it to him.  It was small and worthless.$B$BTrust me.","Bring the Delicate Car Parts to Fizzle Brassbolts in Shimmering Flats.","There they are!  My hydro ratchets and repeater bolts!  These will do just fine.  Thank you!","","","","",""
1115,"The Rumormonger","Now that we've done a service for the gnomes, it's time to do the goblins a favor!  $B$BI hear that the goblin racer pilot, Nazz Steamboil, didn't always use that name.  I wonder why he changed it.  I wonder if it's a secret, and... I wonder if he values that secret.$B$BIf anyone knows the truth, then it's Krazek of Booty Bay, on the southern tip of Stranglethorn.  Speak with Krazek and ask him about our goblin pilot.$B$BIf you can get useful information from him, then we might just turn a profit from it.","Talk to Krazek in Booty Bay.","You want to know about Nazz Steamboil?  He's a racer pilot out in the Shimmering Flats, isn't he?$B$BYeah, I might be able to find something out about him... but it won't be easy.  Or fast.$B$BOr cheap.","","","","",""
1116,"Dream Dust in the Swamp","Getting the information on Nazz is quite a favor, $N.  Yes, quite a favor.  But you've come all the way from the Shimmering Flats to get it... are you willing to travel some more?$B$BWhile I contact my sources, why don't you gather something for me, eh?$B$BHm... what will it be?  How about dream dust, from the dragon whelps of the Swamp of Sorrows.  Yes, I'd love some dream dust for my snuff pouch!$B$BGet it for me, $N, and I'll give you the information you seek.","Bring 10 Specks of Dream Dust to Krazek in Booty Bay.  Dream Dust is gathered from the dragon whelps of the Swamp of Sorrows.","Well, look at that.  You found the dream dust!$B$BAnd how did you like the swamp, $N?  It's not easy to get a hot meal there, is it?","","","","",""
1117,"Rumors for Kravel","I had to use some of my favors, and gave away a rare bottle of elven wine, and did some heavy deducing myself!  But I found the information you seek.$B$BHere, I wrote a letter with some very interesting bits on our friend, Nazz Steamboil.  Do with it what you will -- it's too dangerous for me to use.$B$BJust don't tell anyone where you got it!","Bring the Goblin Rumors to Kravel Koalbeard in the Shimmering Flats.","Well well! This is interesting... very interesting. Heh, perhaps I should bow to the goblin pilot the next time I see him.$b$bThis is worth plenty, $N. I'm sure Nazz will pay a small fortune to keep his secret... a secret.","","","","",""
1118,"Back to Booty Bay","$N, you're a $c I can trust, both to get the job done and to keep your mouth shut while doing it.$B$BI've been brewing up a new scheme.  It's risky, but if it works then we could both make a bundle!  And I think you're just the person to see it through.$B$BTo start, you must go back to Booty Bay.  I apologize, good $N.  I know my last task took you there.  But this time, speak with Crank Fizzlebub.$B$BGive him this letter.  And if he requires aid, do your best to help him.  It will be worth the effort.","Bring Kravel's Scheme to Crank Fizzlebub in Booty Bay.","I see. Kravel has a big scheme planned. He has a sinister mind -- I like that about him.$b$bSo you'll need something to addle wits, eh? Something powerful...$b$bI wonder if the mixture Zanzil feeds his zombies could be used...","","","","",""
1119,"Zanzil's Mixture and a Fool's Stout","I figured out how to use Zanzil's mixture with stout to make a powerful libation.  A Fool's Stout.  I think it'll be just what Kravel needs, but try it out and let me know how it works.$B$BAnd $N, don't keep this stuff too long without using it.  Zanzil's mixture has a weird effect on the stout's yeast, kicking it into high gear.  So it won't stay fresh forever.","Bring the Fool's Stout back to Kravel in the Shimmering Flats.","Wonderful! Fizzlebub came through! I'll remember that next time I see him.$b$bAnd thank you, $N. You're doing a great job, and we both stand to make a lot of money from this...","","","","",""
1120,"Get the Gnomes Drunk","We need to try the Fool's Stout on one of the pit crews.  If you want to try it on the gnomes, then here -- take the stout and give it to the gnome pit boss.$B$BAnd don't wait too long.  This stout will go bad eventually.","Bring the Fool's Stout to the Gnome Pit Boss.","Stout? How considerate! Thank you!$b$bWe shouldn't be drinking with the race coming up, but... maybe my boys could do with just a little. Besides, it can't be that strong, can it?","","","","",""
1121,"Get the Goblins Drunk","We need to try the Fool's Stout on one of the pit crews.  If you want to try it on the goblins, then here -- take the stout and give it to the goblin pit boss.$B$BAnd don't wait too long.  This stout will go bad eventually.","Bring the Fool's Stout to the Goblin Pit Boss.","What do we have here? Booze, eh?$B$BWell, I don't mind if we have just a little...","","","","",""
1122,"Report Back to Fizzlebub","That Fool's Stout worked great!  I placed a bet on the next race, and... let's hope the crew you got drunk did a number on their car!$B$BThere's only one more task for you -- take this note back to Crank Fizzlebub in Booty Bay.  He'll want to know of the successful test.$B$BAnd hopefully we can get more of that Fool's Stout for future races!","Bring the Fool's Stout report to Crank Fizzlebub in Booty Bay.","It says here that the fool's stout was a success.  That's good news!$B$BIf you ever want more of the stuff, then let me know and I'll have you gather more of Zanzil's Mixture.","","","","",""
1124,"Journey to Menethil Harbor!","","","So you're the adventurous type, eh? I bet you'd like to see the distant lands of Eastern Kingdoms? I'll take you right over to Menethil, on the coast of Wetlands.$B$BHang on tight! Here we go!$B$B<<Note: Our crack team of artists, programmers and shipwrights$Bare currently hard at work preparing the \"real\" boat for your sailing pleasure. In$Bthe meantime, please enjoy this free teleport instead. -- Thanks, --WoW$BTeam>>","","","","",""
1126,"Journey to Theramore!","","","So you're the adventurous type, eh? I$Bbet you'd like to see the distant lands$Bof Kalimdor? I'll take you right over to$BTheramore, off the coast of Dustwallow$BMarsh.$B$BHang on tight! Here we go!$B$B<<Note: Our crack team of artists, programmers and shipwrights are$Bcurrently hard at work preparing the$B\"real\" boat for your sailing pleasure. In$Bthe meantime, please enjoy this free$Bteleport instead. -- Thanks, --WoW$BTeam>>","","","","",""
1127,"Fool's Stout","So you want some Fool's Stout, eh?  Thinking of heading back to the races...?$B$BAll right, bring me more of Zanzil's mixture and I'll make some more stout for you.","Bring 12 of Zanzil's Mixture to Crank Fizzlebub in Booty Bay.","Ah, very good! Here is your pay.$B$BAnd here is a little something extra... for your discretion.","","","","",""
1130,"Melor Sends Word","$N, Melor Stonehoof has heard of your deeds, and has set a path before you.$B$BIf you wish to take it, then go to Thunder Bluff and speak with Melor.  You will find him on Hunter's Rise.","Speak with Melor Stonehoof in Thunder Bluff.","So, $N, you have come.  Now, are you prepared to journey through distant lands?$B$BIf so, young $c, then listen on...","","","","",""
1131,"Steelsnap","At times we hunt for food.  At times we hunt for honor.  And at times we hunt to earn the Earthmother's teachings.$B$BBut the hunt I now set upon you is none of these things.  It is to slay a creature outside the Earthmother's blessing.$B$BThe hyena Steelsnap roams the Thousand Needles, south of the Barrens.  He is a tyrant, attracting other hyenas to him and spreading fear and bloodshed among more peaceful beasts.$B$BFind Steelsnap, $N.  Find him, and defeat him.","Bring Steelsnap's Rib to Melor Stonehoof in Thunder Bluff.","In defeating the creature Steelsnap, you have cleansed the Thousand Needles of a horrible taint.$B$BAnd that, $N, is your lesson this day.","","","","",""
1132,"Fiora Longears","Oh, to be at sea once again!  To feel the kiss of the wind, and to have the waves rock me like my blessed mother, long ago!$B$BOh, I wish I had your fortune, good $c, for I see the sea in your future!$B$BIt's my job to tell eager souls of the land of Kalimdor, the land of opportunity!  If you're willing to try your luck across the sea, then take a ship from here to the lovely port of Theramore.  Speak there with my partner, the elf, Fiora Longears.$B$BShe'll start you on your Kalimdor adventure!","Speak with Fiora Longears in Theramore.","Good day to you! You were sent by Mr. Flint in Menethil Harbor? Well Mr. Flint is a strong judge of character. If he sent you, then there's no doubt you belong here in Kalimdor!","","","","",""
1133,"Journey to Astranaar","If you're fresh off the boat from Menethil, then the first thing you should do is... go to Astranaar.  I'm sure an eager member of the Alliance such as you can do some real good there.  Speak with Shindrell Swiftfire and offer your services.$B$BBut don't bother mentioning who sent you.  Shindrell does not know me...","Speak with Shindrell Swiftfire in Astranaar.","You are here to offer your services to the Alliance, $N? We welcome the aid, for although its beauty remains... Ashenvale Forest is not the peaceful place it once was.","","","","",""
1134,"Pridewings of Stonetalon","We are not in open war with the Horde, but our peace is fragile.  We often find their agents moving against us, but they do so covertly.$B$BOne such advance was revealed to us from hidden sources in Theramore, claiming that the orcs collect venom from the pridewings near Mirkfallon Lake, in the Stonetalon Mountains to the south.  Orc assassins then use the venom on their secret death raids against the Alliance!$B$BIf this is true, then we must stop them, $N.  We must deny them their source of venom.","Bring 12 Pridewing Venom Sacs to Shindrell Swiftfire in Astranaar.","Thank you, $N. It saddens me to order the slaughter of creatures who may not willingly aid our enemies, yet it is my duty to do so.$B$BYour heart might weep for the pridewings you slew, my friend, but may your heart then swell in knowing that your allies are safe from the pridewings' venom.","","","","",""
1135,"Highperch Venom","As you may know, wyverns are often tamed by orcs for use as mounts.  But what is less known is that the venom of a wyvern, in some circles, is more valuable than the beast itself.  So if you're not afraid to do a little wyvern hunting, then... I have a job for you.$B$BThere is a place called Highperch in the land of a Thousand Needles, west of here.  The Highperch wyverns have a potent venom.  Potent, and valuable.","Bring 10 Highperch Venom Sacs to Fiora Longears in Theramore.","Ah, most of these are nearly bursting with venom, $N. Such are normally only gathered from young wyverns, or fertile females. It must have been quite a slaughter up there in Highperch!","","","","",""
1136,"Frostmaw","$N, it is now time for you to travel to far-off lands.  You are ready.$B$BYou now hunt Frostmaw, a yeti in the Alterac Mountains.  He is elusive, his white coat blending into the snows of his mountain home.  He rarely shows himself.$B$BBut I will show you how to entice a creature such as he.  Here, take this scroll.  On it I have written how Frostmaw may be lured.$B$BNow go, $N.  Your journey is long and many challenges lay waiting.  When you return with Frostmaw's mane, only then is your task complete.","Bring Frostmaw's Mane to Melor Stonehoof in Thunder Bluff.","Both strength and cunning were needed to find and defeat Frostmaw, $N.  You have both.$B$BYour path has taken you to the valleys of Thousand Needles and to the high mountains of Alterac.  It will one day lead you through all the Earthmother's lands, for such is the way of the hunter.","","","","",""
1137,"News for Fizzle","Indurium has an amazing resistance to heat!  I'm sure it will work for Fizzle's pistons.  But he'll need true indurium ore, not just the flakes.$B$BTo get the ore, it must be mined from deep within Uldaman, on the northern borders of the Badlands.  That is the true source of indurium.$B$BSend Fizzle Brassbolts my regards, and tell him what I told you.$B$BSafe travels, $N.  And it won't surprise me if we meet again -- once Fizzle learns of indurium he'll probably send you to Uldaman to acquire it!","Speak with Fizzle Brassbolts in the Shimmering Flats.","$N, you're back! You found Martek? You spoke with him? What did he say? Can he help??$b$bTell me, tell me, tell me!!","","","","",""
1138,"Fruit of the Sea","I love crab.  Crabs are the fruit of the sea!  You can bake it, barbecue it, boil it, and broil it.  They're pan fried, deep fried, and stir fried.  There's crab salad, crab soup, crab stew, pepper crab, lemon crab, whipper root crab, and Ironforge surprise crab.  That's... that's about it.$B$BI'm here fishing right now, so I can't get any fine crab chunks.  You can pick them out of reef crawlers and encrusted tide crawlers.  You can make a lot with it.  You can bake it, barbecue it, boil it...","Collect 6 Fine Crab Chunks for Gubber Blump in Auberdine.","Wow, these fine crab chunks are what I need.  Thanks $N!  I found this while I was fishing a while ago, and I have no use for it.  Maybe you can do something with it.  It sure don't make any good crab dishes.$B$BI told you all about crabs, right?","","","","",""
1139,"The Lost Tablets of Will","We've slowed the Shadowforge clan by cutting them off from Blackrock Spire, but Hammertoe's quest is still unfulfilled. His death must not be in vain. He dreamt of finding the Tablet of Will: a stone shard inscribed with magic by the titans themselves to help imbue their creations with life--making them have a will of their own, or so the legends say.$B$BWe must still recover the Tablet before the Shadowforge clan finds it.$B$BReturn to Uldaman, find the tablet, and return here immediately.","Find the Tablet of Will, and return them to Advisor Belgrum in Ironforge.","<Advisor Belgrum shakes his head in disbelief as you hand him the stone shard.>$B$B$N, this is amazing. I shall have this brought to the king's mages as soon as possible. They will want to study it to find out if the legends are true. But that is a discussion for another time: you have aided our people more than I would have ever expected--thank you.","","","","",""
1140,"The Tower of Althalaxx","The writing of the orcs is little better than the scribblings of a child. Many of my order scoffed when I chose to learn their tongue, but I have found it beneficial to gain further understanding of my enemies.$b$bFrom Ilkrud's scribblings, it appears that Athrikus still possesses two soulgems, and they are being held in Night Run and Satyrnaar, satyr-held areas in northeast Ashenvale.$b$bBe careful out there, $n, the satyrs' blood-soaked temples can be unsettling even for a seasoned $c such as yourself.","Free the trapped Highborne souls in Night Run and Satyrnaar, then return to Delgren the Purifier at Maestra's Post.","Perhaps the satyrs have been allowed to persist in the forest for too long. I will speak with Elissa about it when next I travel to Auberdine.$B$BNonetheless, with the soulgems destroyed, Athrikus' power will be greatly diminished. We must seize on this opportunity to eliminate him and his cult.","","Free the Highborne soul in Night Run","Free the Highborne soul in Satyrnaar","",""
1141,"The Family and the Fishing Pole","I love fishing.  The Blump family is known for fishing.  My name is Gubber Blump; I fish.$B$BThere's a kind of fish I like to catch around these parts called Darkshore grouper.  I used to go out on a boat to fish for grouper, but no boats have been going out since them mean ol' murlocs moved in.  I bet they been eating up all the grouper too.$B$BSay, you wanna help me catch Darkshore grouper?  I'd give you a bona fide Blump Family Fishing Pole if you did!  It's a real good pole to catch fish with.","Catch 6 Darkshore Grouper for Gubber Blump in Auberdine.","Them's some real nice groupers, $N!  Thanks for helping me out!$B$BYou're at least as good of a fisherman as my cousin, Graun Blump.  She also has a beard and she smells kinda funny, but that don't do nothing to stop her fishing.  I reckon you have what it takes to use a Blump Family Fishing Pole.","","","","",""
1142,"Mortality Wanes","I have not long to live... so... so... weak.$b$b...the b-b-brave dwarf, Lonebrow, has been sent to w-w-warn Falfindel...$b$bBut before I... d-d-die...$b$b...my wife, Treshala... her pendant of bonding to me... stolen... by one of the f-f-foul aggressors...$b$bFind it p-p-please... and return it to Treshala in Darnassus...$b$b...along with w-w-word of my lonely... death.","Find and return Treshala's Pendant to Treshala Fallowbrook in Darnassus.","No!$B$B'Tis not fair. Oh, cruel and intolerable world!$B$BI must now carry this burden of grief and not let Heralath's work die with him.$B$BYou were brave to journey from such a dangerous place, $N. But please leave me now.$B$BIn solitude I shall mourn.","","","","",""
1143,"The Tower of Althalaxx","I see. Well, if what you say is true, then now is the time to strike. I believe Athrikus resides at the top of the tower. Be careful though, he is surrounded by many powerful warlocks, much more deadly than the ones you faced before.","Kill Athrikus Narassin and bring his head to Balthule Shadowstrike near the Tower of Althalaxx.","With the death of Athrikus, I hope that the demonic forces in this area will be driven back. I have no doubt that they will regroup and return, but then we shall be even more prepared to meet their threat.","","","","",""
1144,"Willix the Importer","At last, help has arrived!$b$bYou have no clue how long I've been held prisoner here. I can't remember the last time I saw the outside of this place.$b$bYou see, I am an entrepreneur. Always out for a copper, as they say. I caught wind that Mebok Mizzyrix was paying well for Redleaf Tuber from this here pig pen. I figured it would be an easy in, easy out kind of affair. As you can see, I was a bit wrong!$b$bAnyway, if you'd be so kind as to help me get out of here, I'll make it worth your while.","Escort Willix the Importer out of Razorfen Kraul.","Thanks again, friend! I told you I'd make it worth your while.","Help Willix the Importer escape from Razorfen Kraul","","","",""
1145,"The Swarm Grows","Many travelers who've come through the Crossroads helped me gather eggs from the Field of Giants, and many of them have tales of how deadly the creatures are. I've heard enough to consider them insects a much larger threat than my masters first thought.$B$BI need a courier to travel to Orgrimmar to meet Belgrom Rockmaul. It be no simple matter, and someone who would take the task seriously should go.$B$BBelgrom usually be found outside the warriors' guild house.","Deliver Korran's Sealed Note to Belgrom Rockmaul in Orgrimmar.","Ah, a note from Korran. He has been a loyal servant for some time now. I was wondering how his duties were going in the Crossroads.","","","","",""
1146,"The Swarm Grows","So, Korran has come to a similar conclusion about these insects--they seem to be a larger threat than we assumed.$B$BA few days ago a hunter returned to me from Thousand Needles nearly dead. He was with a raiding party sent to drive a dwarven excavation team out of the Shimmering Flats. During the attack, more of these insects erupted from a cave in the dig site and nearly killed the party.$B$BThey were led by Moktar Krin, and they've taken refuge on the border of the Shimmering Flats. Bring him this note.","Deliver Belgrom's Sealed Note to Moktar Krin in Thousand Needles.","Don't mind the thundering echoes off the mountains' walls. The goblins and gnomes are out among the Flats racing one another in atrocities created by what they call science. There are bigger threats here in Thousand Needles, one of which killed more than half my war party.$B$BBut we remain here until we hear word from Belgrom in Orgrimmar. Until then, we hold our position here, and stay vigilant.","","","","",""
1147,"The Swarm Grows","Hmm. Seems Belgrom thinks those monsters are a threat. He wants them pushed back into whatever depths they crawled up out of.$B$BI guess killing the dwarves sent by the Explorers' League wasn't enough--now I have to send a half-dead war party into another battle. We won't be able to do it ourselves; not while we're in this condition. The dig site's to the south of here. There shouldn't be anymore dwarves to deal with. Feel up to wielding a blade or staff and doing your part to aid us?","Kill 5 Silithid Searchers, 5 Silithid Hive Drones, and 5 Silithid Invaders and return to Moktar Krin in Thousand Needles.","Ha! That ichor you're covered in actually makes you prettier, $N! It certainly does make you reek at the same time though. Don't stand too close to the kodo; you'll either start a stampede or cause them to go into heat.$B$BI think my companions would agree that your smell alone is proof you've done your part to help us against those insect creatures. Thank you, $N.\
","","","","",""
1148,"Parts of the Swarm","You inspect the carapace carefully. As you turn it over in your hands you realize that the chitinous plating is interlaced in such a way that makes it incredibly strong. It's unlike anything you've ever seen. You inspect the rest of the corpse further and realize that these creatures are very powerful and highly evolved.$B$BLooking down at the carapace again, you think that Korran would enjoy studying more of these creatures. It could help him figure out what these creatures are, and where they come from.","Bring 1 Silithid Heart, 5 Silithid Talons, and 3 Intact Silithid Carapaces, to Korran at the Crossroads.","Ahh, you've seen Moktar recently? He always be lookin' out for me. I'm sorry to hear he spends his time watching over his little war band instead of seeing battle, but I'm sure he be takin' great joy in killing members of the Explorers' League.$B$BYou be smart to bring me these specimens, $N. Along with the eggs we be findin' in the Field of Giants, these should give me a good start in figuring out what these insects are, and what they be wantin'.","","","","",""
1149,"Test of Faith","So, you have sought me out, or perhaps destiny brings you to me? No matter. You are here now, and so your journey will begin anew.$B$BMany facets make up a being: the spirit, the body, the mind. Some of these can be measured by a culture's traditions. Others we can only hope exist within ourselves. If you agree, I shall test some of the facets within you.$B$BIf you pass, then you shall become stronger. If you fail, then you will realize the vastness of the Nether.$B$BThe first is a Test of Faith.","If you have faith, leap from the planks overlooking Thousand Needles.","It is not until faced with unforeseen adversity that we begin to see how strong our spirits are. You took the leap of faith even though you had no guarantees that you would survive. Your mind is open, and your spirit is prepared for what is to come.$B$BIf you are willing, then the next of your tests is ready.","","","","",""
1150,"Test of Endurance","I'm pleased to see your courage remains steadfast in light of what you've already done. Since your faith is intact, the time has come to test your body.$B$BFirst is  a test of endurance. Go with friends to the Roguefeather Den west of Freewind Post. Make your way to the depths of their lair and destroy their foodstuffs. By then you should have provoked their fury, and if you are able to survive long enough, Grenka Bloodscreech herself will come for you--kill her and bring me her claw to complete your test.","Bring Grenka's Claw to Dorn Plainstalker in Thousand Needles.","Grenka was powerful, even by troll standards. You should be proud of your accomplishment this day.$b$bDuring your test of faith you displayed strength of spirit, and now you have shown endurance in battle by taking on the Roguefeather harpies, but the time has come for a new test.","","","","",""
1151,"Test of Strength","During the time of the Old Gods, elementals inhabited much of this world. They worshipped the Old Gods, and the Gods, through their power, kept the elementals bound to this world. When the Old Gods were banished, the elementals faded from our world and now only return at the bidding of powerful mages.$B$BThere are exceptions though. Some elementals were powerful enough to remain here on their own. One such elemental is Rok'Alim.$B$BTo test your strength, find Rok'Alim in Thousand Needles and slay him.","Bring Fragments of Rok'Alim to Dorn Plainstalker in Thousand Needles.","The Test of Strength is done. You have shown strength and bravery, and you are now prepared for the final test before these rites are completed.","","","","",""
1152,"Test of Lore","Your time with me is just about finished. I am knowledgeable, but the Test of Lore is not mine to give. There are lessons to be learned and places to visit that others claim domain over.$B$BIf you are prepared, then seek out Braug Dimspirit--he is a shaman of great wisdom. He will test you further, so heed his words, $N.$B$BWhen you are ready, find the tunnel that connects the Stonetalon Mountains with Ashenvale: Braug dwells near there. And be careful, $N, the night elves may wish to impede your test.","Find Braug Dimspirit near the entrance to Talondeep Path in Stonetalon Mountains.","The days and nights grow colder throughout the world as goblins rape the land, and the night elves point fingers at the younger races. The Forsaken and orcs are not the only ones to blame for the hardships found throughout Kalimdor and Lordaeron. Many of the intelligent races have contributed to the world's pain. Dorn knows this, and he has sent you to me because you have shown the attributes necessary to realize it also.$b$bNow you stand before Braug.","","","","",""
1153,"A New Ore Sample","$C, you have done well in helping me in the past. The warchief is pleased thus far with what I've accomplished, and asks me to continue with renewed determination. My honor dictates that I give you proper recognition to the warchief for all you have done, but first I would ask you for your help again.$B$BTravelers recently came from the south from a place called Thousand Needles. There they killed a kobold who had an unusual ore sample, but they would not sell it. I want a sample of that ore to examine.","Find an Unrefined Ore Sample on a Gravelsnout Digger or Surveyor and bring it to Tatternack Steelforge at Camp Taurajo in the Barrens.","A good sample, $N. A good sample indeed.$B$BThose travelers can no longer lord over me the ore they found, now that you have been successful.$B$BI shall get to work on it immediately. If it proves strong enough, I will send a weapon crafted from the material back to the warchief to show him our success.$B$BI shall not forget your help, $C.","","","","",""
1154,"Test of Lore","You have passed Dorn's tests, and now you seek to pass your next trial. Very good. But up until now, your challenges have been childish. It is easy to test your body--your mind is another matter completely.$B$BI shall explain it simply: find the book I name, study it, and answer my question about its contents.$B$BWhat book, you must be asking? The Legacy of the Aspects. It can be found at the bottom of Dor'danil in southern Ashenvale, protected by the dead druids and their slayers.","Find the Legacy of the Aspects and return it to Braug Dimspirit near the entrance to Talondeep Path in Stonetalon Mountains.","This is the book I named. There is hope you will answer my question correctly then... unless you've forgotten to study its contents.$b$bWhen you are prepared, speak to me again and I shall ask a question of you.","","","","",""
1156,"<NYI> <TXT> speak to alchemist pestlezugg","x","x",\N,\N,\N,\N,\N,\N
1157,"Alexstrasza","TODO","TODO",\N,\N,\N,\N,\N,\N
1158,"Malygos","TODO","TODO",\N,\N,\N,\N,\N,\N
1159,"Test of Lore","Well done, $N. You have passed the first portion of the Test of Lore, but there is still another question to be answered. But that question is not mine to ask.$B$BSeek out Parqual Fintallas in Lordaeron City. He was a great historian for the humans before the Plague overtook him. Now he continues to seek enlightenment, but of a different nature.$B$BHe will have another requirement of you before he asks you anything, but you have done masterfully thus far--I'm sure you will overcome his obstacle.","Find Parqual Fintallas in Undercity.","Braug sent you? Impossible.$b$b<Parqual looks you up and down.>$b$bBraved Dor'Danil, took a leap of faith, fought and overpowered a powerful elemental? Bah! You're probably a farce; some adventurer that overheard talk in a tavern. And now you think you have what it takes to pass my test. So be it... $C.","","","","",""
1160,"Test of Lore","I will tell you what you must seek, and I will even ask you my question, but not because you wish to prove yourself. Knowledge is far more important than strength. Even as others seem to pass you by in ability, your knowledge of the world will be more valuable.$B$BGo to the Monastery in the north of Tirisfal Glades. In the library there, a book called Beginnings of the Undead Threat resides. It was used by the now-corrupt paladins there to train them to fight my kind.$B$BBring it to me.","Find The Beginnings of the Undead Threat, and return it to Parqual Fintallas in Undercity.","This is the book I sent you to search for.$b$b<Parqual slowly caresses his hand over the top of the book as he stares down at it.>$b$bSo now you wish a question to prove your mind is as powerful as your body and spirit. If you have studied the book long enough, then I shall ask you your question and you can be done with these tests!","","","","",""
1164,"To Steal From Thieves","The harlot! The swine! Kenata still lives; her family healthy and prospering while I suffer. Forsaken indeed!$B$BMy family is gone, taken by the plague. Our estate also forfeit; looted and burned during the war. And after all that, her and her lousy children had the audacity to steal the only precious belongings I had left.$B$BI don't care about the things they stole any more. What I want now are their heads!$B$BKill them for me! Go to the Dabyrie Farmstead in Arathi, northeast of Refuge Point.","Bring Kenata, Fardel, and Marcel Dabyrie's Heads to Genavie Callow in Undercity.","You stand before me as a figure of vengeance, and I bow down before you in thanks.$B$BWith that cow's death, and knowing that their seed will no longer spread over the face of Azeroth, I can put my energy into something more lucrative. I hope you looted their farmstead after you finished them off.","","","","",""
1166,"Overlord Mok'Morokk's Concern","Bow before Overlord Mok'Morokk!$b$bRexxar make me mighty leader of Stonemaul Clan!$b$bMe good leader. Me keep clan safe.$b$bBig dragons come and make fire at old home. Me smart ogre. Find new home for clan here.$b$bLeave old home so fast, me forget stuff. Tiny $r, go get my things. Go south and find my yummy grog, my snuff and my strongbox. Me like you after you do that. You look in Den of Flame and Stonemaul Ruins... they be there, me sure!","Overlord Mok'Morokk in Brackenwall Village wants you to retrieve his grog, snuff and strongbox in Dustwallow Swamp.","You good $r. Me miss things very much. Me like you now.","","","","",""
1167,"The Tower of Althalaxx","Before confronting Athrikus, it would probably be wise for you to consult with Balthule. I have no doubt he has been vigilant in his watch of the Tower, and he may have information about recent developments.","Speak with Balthule Shadowstrike near the Tower of Althalaxx.","Ah, it's good to see you again, $N! The strangest things have been happening around here, I'm glad you showed up!$B$BIt was very strange, $N. Everything seemed normal--well, as normal as things get around here--and then suddenly there was a blinding flash of light from the upper room of the tower. Then came the screams. The cries split the air, and lightning struck the ground from time to time. What's going on?","","","","",""
1168,"Army of the Black Dragon","Mok'Morokk was made Overlord by Rexxar. He care more for power than he care for ogres.$b$bBlack dragons kill many ogre. Kill Tharg's wife. Mok'Morokk tell us to run. Make us come here.$b$bOgre should fight. Ogres not good at running. Mok'Morokk care only about Mok'Morokk.$b$bMe call Stonemaul Ruins home. Me like it in the south. This place not home.$b$bHelp ogres fight army of the black dragon. Me want revenge. Me want to go home.","Tharg in Brackenwall Village wants you to kill 15 Firemane Scouts, 10 Firemane Ash Tails, and 5 Firemane Guards.","You kill many of the black dragon army. You brave $r.$b$bMake Tharg happy.","","","","",""
1169,"Identifying the Brood","Whilst that craven fool, Mok'Morokk, wallows in power and Tharg wrestles the demons of sorrow and vengeance and vies for leadership of the clan, I seem to be the only one concerned with identifying the source of aggression on our old home.$b$bWhy the puzzled stare, $n? Expecting me to speak like an uncouth ruffian merely because I am an ogre?$b$bNow back to business, bring to me the hearts and tongues from the whelps and hatchlings. I shall trace the root of this evil...","Draz'Zilb in Brackenwall Village would like you to bring him 15 Searing Tongues and 15 Searing Hearts.","'Twas a perilous affair, no doubt, collecting all of these hearts and tongues. I shall delve into the depths of the arcane to trace the origin of the black menace which has descended upon our former home.","","","","",""
1170,"The Brood of Onyxia","Stonemaul Village was invaded by the brood of Onyxia. But why would the daughter of the black dragonlord, Deathwing, descend upon our lands?$b$bThis is most troubling. Surely, Onyxia was driven here for a purpose beyond laying siege to a small band of ogres.$b$bNotify Mok'Morokk at once! Action must be taken.","Speak with Overlord Mok'Morokk in Brackenwall Village.","Why you tell me 'bout dragons? Me no like dragons. Me like it here. No dragons here.","","","","",""
1171,"The Brood of Onyxia","You leave me alone now. Go tell Draz'Zilb we stay here. No black dragon here.","Speak with Draz'Zilb in Brackenwall Village.","That lazy coward!$b$bMok'Morokk displayed strength when Rexxar was our leader. But soon after Rexxar's departure Mok'Morokk fell prey to temptations of power. Rather than lead, he demanded. He does not serve his people but rather expects us to serve him.$b$bSomething must be done.","","","","",""
1172,"The Brood of Onyxia","Onyxia's brood has been scattered across the Dragonmurk. It is imperative that no more whelps be permitted to hatch.$b$bMake haste to Wyrmbog in the south of Dustwallow Marsh. Surely, she has made her lair there. Track down the evil dragon's eggs and destroy them.$b$bWe will never reclaim Stonemaul Village if the surrounding area remains a breeding ground.$b$bAs for Mok'Morokk... I have other plans for the sod.","Draz'Zilb in Brackenwall Village wants you to destroy 5 Eggs of Onyxia.","Splendid! It will be sometime before Onyxia can produce more eggs.$b$bOn behalf of my people, I thank you, $n.$b$bI have asked much of you so far. Perhaps you can do the Stonemaul Clan one last service.$b$bMok'Morokk is not fit to lead us. Tharg would make an excellent leader but is hindered by his injuries and age. Drive Mok'Morokk from this place by force. Only then can we appoint a new leader to return us to our proper home in the south.","","Egg of Onyxia destroyed","","",""
1173,"Challenge Overlord Mok'Morokk","You dare challenge Overlord Mok'Morokk?$b$bHaw!$b$bMe crush tiny $r!$b$bYou tell me when ready for good beating.","Defeat Mok'Morokk and report the news to Draz'Zilb in Brackenwall Village.","That cowardly fat mass Mok'Morokk fled like a scared child. You have done a great service, $n.$b$bNow my people can appoint a new leader, one who will help us reclaim our old home once and for all.","Drive Overlord Mok'Morokk from Brackenwall Village","","","",""
1175,"A Bump in the Road","After the big crash with the goblins' Red Thunder racer and a basilisk, Kronkrider hired me on to take care of the track. I don't know what all the animals out on the flats are feeding on to grow so big, but we have to be careful to thin them out so they won't wander onto the track when a race is going on.$b$bTell you what. If you want to go out and make a little profit, go out and remove the basilisks from the area.","Kill 10 Saltstone Basilisks, 10 Saltstone Crystalhides and 6 Saltstone Gazers for Trackmaster Zherin on the Shimmering Flats.","I hope you didn't kill any of the basilisks on the tracks themselves! It takes a long time for the carcasses to decay in the sun, and I'd rather not have to take a shovel out to clean up.","","","","",""
1176,"Load Lightening","When it comes to racing, every bit counts! Whether it's a minor tweaking on the power output, a slight slackening on the tension coils, or lightening the weight of the frame, you have to take everything into account.$b$bWe use vulture bones for a lot of the minor structural tweaks we make to our racers, which offer the perfect balance of strength and weight. Even better, it's easy for us to get more, as the salt flats are littered with vultures.$b$bBring me some and I'll give you a good price on them.","Get 10 Hollow Vulture Bones for Pozzik in the Shimmering Flats.","Great! I can get the crew working on this right away. Thanks, $n!","","","","",""
1177,"Hungry!","Mud big ogre.$b$bMe hungry.$b$bGo bash fishy. Bring Mud food.$b$bYou feed Mud or Mud eat you.","Mudcrush Durtfeet in northern Dustwallow wants 12 Mirefin Heads.","Me like fishy head!$b$bMe no eat you now.","","","","",""
1178,"Goblin Sponsorship","Our racing team is the pride of goblins everywhere. You'd be surprised at some of the people who contribute in one way or another to our team.$b$bYou know Gazlowe? He tracks down parts from around the world for us. He even came down to work on one of our rigs once!$b$bA few weeks ago, he said he'd send us a new prototype fuel regulator but it hasn't come yet. He's usually very prompt... Maybe you wouldn't mind going to Ratchet to ask him about it? I wouldn't be so pushy, but the gnomes are gaining on us!","Speak to Gazlowe in Ratchet.","Pozzik sent you, huh? You know, Pozzik was one of the most respected tinkerers in Undermine before he retired to start working on the racers.$b$bThe first thing he did when he joined the team was develop the two engine model racers. Could be that the businesses will suffer without him working with the Tinkers' Union, but who cares, right? There's nothing like the races!","","","","",""
1179,"The Brassbolts Brothers","You ever heard of the Shimmering Flats?  It's a stretch of salt flats way over in Kalimdor, just south of the Thousand Needles canyon.  It's a great place for racing because, well, it's so flat!$B$BA couple of gnome brothers are out there, friends of mine, trying out their new rocket car, and from what I hear it's fast!  Heh, so fast that their pilots keep crashing.  Giving themselves concussions.$B$BSo they asked me for some Siege Engine helmets, but I have duties here.  I can't make the trip!$B$BCan you?","Bring the crate of crash helmets to Wizzle Brassbolts in the Shimmering Flats.","Ah! Longbeard sent you with a load of helmets! Hooray!$B$BNow maybe we can talk a pilot into driving our car...","","","","",""
1180,"Goblin Sponsorship","Back to what you came here about. I know I promised Pozzik that I'd deliver a new fuel regulator for him, but I still haven't received it yet. Revilgaz over in Booty Bay said he'd have it shipped over, but it might be it slipped through the cracks somehow.$b$bIf that's true, there's not much we can do about it. We can at least find out if it was dispatched from Booty Bay.$b$bCheck in with Wharfmaster Lozgil over there, he should be able to check the cargo records.","Speak with Wharfmaster Lozgil in Booty Bay.","Shipments to Ratchet? Let me just check the logbooks...$b$bNo, the most recent shipment I have on record of going out to Ratchet were boots from Drizzlik. Hasn't been much else, other than building supplies and tools. Definitely no race parts.","","","","",""
1181,"Goblin Sponsorship","I'm afraid I can't be of much more help to you, $n. If you'd like to follow up on it more, I'd suggest you go hit up the Baron himself. If there's anyone who knows Revilgaz's business, it's Revilgaz.$b$bYou'll find him at the tavern across the harbor, top floor.","Speak with Baron Revilgaz in Booty Bay.","Oh, sure of course I know what you're talking about. Nope, can't help you though. Some of my men were supposed to go track down the blueprints for the fuel regulator, but they came back empty-handed.","","","","",""
1182,"Goblin Sponsorship","See, the Venture Company shredders out in Lake Nazferiti (in northern Stranglethorn) have been equipped with a new model fuel regulator. I was thinking that Pozzik would be able to take advantage of it, if he could get some details. Unfortunately, Cozzle, the foreman out there, appears to be a little more clever than I gave him credit for.$b$bYou seem like you might have more luck finding the blueprints though. I know he keeps them in his house, but they're almost certainly under lock and key.","Bring the Fuel Regulator Blueprints to Baron Revilgaz in Booty Bay.","Now, let me just get a copy of these blueprints for my own notes and you can bring these straight to Pozzik. Wouldn't want him to think that one of his sponsors was abandoning him.","","","","",""
1183,"Goblin Sponsorship","You should be all set to go. Give Pozzik my regards and tell him that if he ever needs anything, not to hesitate to ask. I'll be waiting for the news that he breaks the track record soon!","Deliver the Fuel Regulator Blueprints to Pozzik on the Shimmering Flats.","I was hoping that it would be already assembled, but this does present the unique opportunity to improve on the design from the ground up. Thanks, $n. I'll be able to sketch up some improved schematics, build the thing, and have it installed real soon.","","","","",""
1184,"Parts of the Swarm","Head back to Belgrom in Orgrimmar and tell him Moktar be doing his bidding well out in the Thousand Needles. Tell him also, that me studies progress, and I hope to be havin' learned more soon. That should please him greatly.","Return to Belgrom Rockmaul in Orgrimmar.","I'm appreciative of your efforts, $c. The warchief will enjoy hearing how tenacious you have been in your duties.$B$BOh, of course I will mention your name to him. He speaks to me often and values my opinions greatly.$B$BGo now, I have much to do. And if you speak to Korran soon, and he has news of these creatures, then return to me--I would think they are a threat that must be taken seriously.","","","","",""
1186,"The Eighteenth Pilot","I'm going to be busy with working on integrating this new fuel regulator to our racer designs, but if you'd like to help out the team some more, talk to Razzeric. He's our pilot--well, our eighteenth pilot, to be exact--and he likes to add his own little modifications to the racers.$b$bHe's a little off his rocker, though, so try not to act too surprised.","Speak with Razzeric on the Shimmering Flats.","You're the $r that's been helping Pozzik out, right? I was like you once, running around the pit area, helping with whatever work the mechanics would let me do.$b$bNow look at me! The goblin racing team's pilot extraordinaire!","","","","",""
1187,"Razzeric's Tweaking","Pozzik's a great mechanic, I know that, but he's afraid to just load on the firepower and grab on for the ride. Not me, though.$b$bAfter Pozzik finishes with a racer, I take a little time to put my own modifications on--you know, loosening up the controls, removing parts of the frame, and adding more juice!$b$bI ordered a seaforium booster from Shreev at the Gizmorium in Gadgetzan, but apparently the zeppelin it was being sent on crashed in Dustwallow Marsh! I gotta have it, $n!","Retrieve the Seaforium Booster for Razzeric in the Shimmering Flats.","Just take a look at this beauty! Fifteen pounds of solid seaforium power! Once I get this strapped on to the side of my racer, I'll be around the track so fast I'll beat the gnomes twice!","","","","",""
1188,"Safety First","But wait, what's this? Shreev left the safety on. That will limit the amount of power I can draw from the booster at any time. I told him I wanted it off! This is no good.$b$bYou have to take this to the Gadgetzan Gizmorium in the Tanaris Desert and have Shreev remove this.","Bring the Seaforium Booster to Shreev in Gadgetzan.","Only Razzeric would take a look at this and say that I'd somehow put some sort of safety lock on it. This booster is almost completely seaforium explosives. I already modified it so that more of its payload would be delivered upon use, but Razzeric is never content unless he goes to eleven!","","","","",""
1189,"Safety First","There, I did what Razzeric wanted. Just tell him to be careful when he sets this off. If he makes the slightest mistake, he won't be moving forward, he'll just be a burnt spot on the track.$b$bWould be a shame, too, if that happened. Who knows if our nineteenth driver would be any good?","Return the Modified Seaforium Booster to Razzeric on the Shimmering Flats.","Now that's more like it! I wish I could see the look on the gnomes' eyes when they see me set this baby off.$b$bToo bad I'll be too busy pulling off a new course record!","","","","",""
1190,"Keeping Pace","The Brassbolts brothers have discovered a new building material, that's the only explanation that makes sense. Their cars have been operating faster than before, but their designs, and all the other data we've gathered from their runs is identical.$b$bWhat we do know, is that Rizzle Brassbolts has been focused on the plans for this new discovery almost constantly.$b$bZamek can create a diversion for you, so that you can steal those plans from them.","Have Zamek create a diversion, then steal Rizzle's plans for Pozzik on the Shimmering Flats.","Scribbled in a hasty, hurried hand, a scroll of notes and designs for the refinement of some raw material.","","","","",""
1191,"Zamek's Distraction","","","Let's go!",\N,"","","",""
1192,"Indurium Ore","","","Excellent! I'll get the crew to work right away on the parts we'll need for the next race.","","","","",""
1193,"A Broken Trap","","","The thorium widget slides effortlessly into place, creating a conduit to pour the frost oil down. Once the last drops of oil have been emptied into it, the trap snaps into position.$B$BWoe be to any unwary ogre that should just so happen to wander by!","","","","",""
1194,"Rizzle's Schematics","Rizzle's schematics describe the process of the refinement of indurium ore. From his scrawls, it is apparent that indurium ore is being obtained from the dwarven excavation site of Uldaman in the Badlands.$b$bMuch of the other notes relate to the heat resistant properties.$b$bUsed as a paperweight for the plans is a hunk of what appears to be unrefined indurium ore.","Bring the Sample of Indurium Ore to Pozzik on the Shimmering Flats.","Indurium? Interesting... If it is capable of resisting heat to the degree that you say, it would explain the performance increase the gnomes have displayed of late.$B$BThis sample you've brought to me will be invaluable, also. I will be able to perform some tests on this, but I'll need more for this to actually be of any use to us.","","","","",""
1195,"The Sacred Flame","The Galak centaur in the Thousand Needles are protecting an artifact from the time of the centaurs' creation.$b$bWe would like to retrieve it, but we require a phial of water from one of the night elves' moonwells.$b$bTo collect the water, you will first need to obtain one of the phials carried by the dryads near the Raynewood Retreat in the heart of Ashenvale Forest. There is a moonwell near the western bank of the Falfarren River, south of the main road, where you can fill the phial.","Return a Filled Etched Phial to Zangen Stonehoof in Thunder Bluff.","Very good. This should fill Rau's request just fine. Could you deliver this to him? You might enjoy spending some time out in the Needles.","","","","",""
1196,"The Sacred Flame","Bring the filled phial to Rau Cliffrunner at the Freewind Post in southeastern Thousand Needles. You can get to the Thousand Needles by taking the Great Lift at the southern edge of the Barrens.$b$bI wouldn't be surprised if you can help us out further.","Deliver the Filled Etched Phial to Rau Cliffrunner at the Freewind Post.","Hm, yes, this phial of water will serve our purposes perfectly. Because of the shared ancestry of the dryads and the centaurs, the water of the moonwells will enable us to breach the protection of the eternal flame surrounding the centaur relic.","","","","",""
1197,"The Sacred Flame","Using the water you brought, you will be able to temporarily douse the flame that holds the centaur relic. It will not work permanently, however, so you will have to be quick about it.$b$bYou will find Splithoof Crag, the centaurs' stronghold, to the north of here. The flame is kept in Splithoof Hold, a heavily guarded part of the crag.$b$bBe careful, though, the Galak centaur have great numbers here, and will be rather reluctant to surrender something so dear to them.","Retrieve the Cloven Hoof for Rau Cliffrunner at the Freewind Post.","I sense a strange energy emanating from the Hoof... I have no doubt that we will discover surprising new information about the centaur from its study.$b$bMy thanks, $n. Now I must begin to decipher the mysteries you have brought to me.","","","","",""
1198,"In Search of Thaelrid","Many rumors circulate these days about the union of the Twilight's Hammer and the naga in Blackfathom Deeps on the coasts of Ashenvale.$b$bMy role here with the Argent Dawn is to collect as much information as I can, so we know when and where help is needed.$b$bIt has been weeks now since I sent a scout to check on the activity at Blackfathom Deeps. Argent Guard Thaelrid has not yet reported back.$b$bMy other scouts are preoccupied with pressing matters.$b$bSeek out and aid Thaelrid for me, $n.","Seek out Argent Guard Thaelrid in Blackfathom Deeps.","Dawnwatcher Shaedlass was good to send you. There is indeed a wicked plot underway in this corrupted place.","","","","",""
1199,"Twilight Falls","Empowered by the ancient rites of the chaotic Old Gods the members of the Twilight's Hammer strive to bring about the return of their dark patrons and spread death and terror across the world.$b$bWe believe that the Twilight's Hammer has allied with the naga and are amassing in Blackfathom Deeps on the coast of Ashenvale.$b$bWhatever evil plan brews in the depths of the old temple must be thwarted.$b$bWage war on the Hammer and bring back proof of your deeds. Your efforts will be rewarded handsomely.","Bring 10 Twilight Pendants to Argent Guard Manados in Darnassus.","You are no doubt of brave and noble blood, $N. The Argent Dawn commends you for your efforts against evil.","","","","",""
1200,"Blackfathom Villainy","Strength has left me. Your help is needed!$b$bLong ago this site was a great temple of Elune. But misfortune led to ruin when the corruption of an Old God seeped up from beneath the earth and tainted the sacred Moon Well.$b$bAku'Mai, servant of the Old God, rose from the waters.$b$bThe Twilight's Hammer cultists have allied with the naga to occupy these grounds. The cultists, led by Kelris, sacrifice innocents to Aku'Mai for power.$b$bSlay Kelris and bring his head to Selgorm in Darnassus, $N, please.","Bring the head of Twilight Lord Kelris to Dawnwatcher Selgorm in Darnassus.","Kelris has eluded us for quite some time.$B$BIt seems as though whenever evil made its presence known in these parts, Kelris had played a role. For some time we considered him dead or missing.$B$BBut this makes perfect sense. By ending his reign you have spared the lives of many innocent people.$B$BBy the light! To sacrifice someone to a servant of an Old God for one's personal gain is beyond reproachful!$B$BYou have done a great deed, $N. I salute you on behalf of the Argent Dawn.","","","","",""
1201,"Theramore Spies","The Horde and Alliance hold an uneasy truce.  Outlying skirmishes and covert actions are taken by one side against the other, and it is our duty to ensure the Horde is on top!$B$BNow is the chance to do just that.$B$BAlliance infiltrators have taken positions east of Brackenwall Village.  They spy on the village and report our movements to Theramore, which we cannot allow.$B$BHunt down the infiltrators and slay them.  Send a clear message to their superiors that we will not tolerate their spies' presence!","Kill 9 Theramore Infiltrators, then return to Nazeer Bloodpike in Brackenwall Village.","Good work.  Their infiltrators are skilled, but they're not good enough to escape the watchful eye of the Horde!","","","","",""
1202,"The Theramore Docks","$N, two of our spies were sent to steal documents from a ship at the Theramore docks.  They gained the papers but were discovered, and were forced to throw the documents into the sea.$B$BOne spy later escaped, but was unable to recover the prize.  He reported his failure to me, and I now charge the task to you.$B$BThe documents are in a footlocker, in the waters somewhere beneath the Theramore docks.  Find those documents, $N, and bring them to me.","Bring the Captain's Documents to Nazeer Bloodpike in Brackenwall Village.","I commend you, $N.  This was not an easy mission.  But the documents you gained are valued greatly by our superiors.","","","","",""
1203,"Jarl Needs a Blade","I have cutting to do.  I can't tell you what I'm going to cut, but... I need myself a blade.  A certain blade...$B$BSome people call it a moonsteel broadsword.  I call it a swing blade.$B$BYou help me?  Maybe you find it in town, maybe you talk to a blacksmith and he'll make it special.$B$BBut don't sleep on this.  What I'm cutting won't keep forever...","Bring a Moonsteel Broadsword to Jarl in Dustwallow Marsh.","That's a good blade. It has a good swing. It's a good swing blade. Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you!!! Now I want to try it....$B$BLater. I'll try it later. But like I was saying... thanks.","","","","",""
1204,"Mudrock Soup and Bugs","I'm working on a dish I call \"Mudrock Soup and Bugs.\"  I still need the major ingredients, and... well, I don't think I'd last long trudging through Dustwallow Marsh!$B$BSo, $N, can you do some hunting for me?  First, I need the tongues of Mudrock turtles.  You can find Mudrocks along the coast, mostly around the bay.$B$BBut I don't want just any tongues!  I hear that the tongues of some Mudrocks are forked...$B$BThey say the forked tongues have a distinct flavor, and I want that flavor in my dish...","Bring 8 Forked Mudrock Tongues to Morgan Stern in Theramore.","These will do fine!  Thank you, $N!$B$BNow I'll try different cooking techniques on these tongues to find the best way to bring out their flavor.$B$BEventually I'll have a dish worthy of serving at the Blue Recluse in Stormwind!","","","","",""
1205,"Deadmire","Deadmire is an ancient crocolisk in Dustwallow marsh.  And it is his time to die.$B$BOld bones grind as he pulls his huge body through the swamp, and although he still moves with the strength and speed of youth, his aging body tortures the great spirit within it, a spirit whose flame will not waver.$B$BYet now he lives in constant, maddening pain.  You must end the life of this noble creature, $N.  You must lead Deadmire to peace.","Bring Deadmire's Tooth to Melor in Thunder Bluff.","Very good, $N.$B$BI am sure the hunt was not easy, but it is good to know the beast's pain has finally ended.","","","","",""
1206,"Jarl Needs Eyes","Eye juice is good juice for drinking.  Too bad most critters only have two eyes.$B$BBut spiders have lots of eyes.  Lots and lots.  And Darkmist eye juice is tasty.  Smooth and salty!  Unpopped spider eyes... I taste them already.$B$BDarkmist spiders are west of here, in the Darkmist Cavern.  You figure the spiders are named after the cave... or is it the other way around?","Bring 40 Unpopped Darkmist Eyes to \"Swamp Eye\" Jarl at the Swamplight Manor.","You got the eyes!  You got the eyes!  Tasty, tasty spider eyes!$B$BSome eyes... when you stare at them they stare back. Eat those last.  They keep you company... out in the swamp.$B$BHello, little spider eyes.  Hello!  You taste like chicken.  Gooey, salty chicken!$B$BMmmh.","","","","",""
1218,"Soothing Spices","I like cooking.  Good swamp cooking.  Fried green frog legs and the like.$B$BAnd for cooking, I need spice.  Soothing spice.  Then I'll make a stew and stew it up and suck it down and give you some too.$B$BDo you like stew?","Bring 3 Soothing Spices to \"Swamp Eye\" Jarl in Dustwallow Marsh.","Ah, that's the spice!  Now here's some swampy good stew.",\N,\N,\N,\N,\N
1219,"The Orc Report","Sifting through the loose dirt, the severed hand of an orc is found.  And clutched in the hand is a bone-carved tube.  And in the tube is a dirt-stained parchment.$B$BThe parchment is written in orcish... and it looks important.","Bring the Spy's Report to a Theramore Lieutenant.","Hm... I can't read orcish very well, but this looks like a report... written by an orc spy!","","","","",""
1220,"Captain Vimes","Captain Vimes should see the orc report you found, $N.  He knows the orcish language better than most.  And he should know that there are Horde spies near Theramore!$B$BThe captain is in the barracks, on the northeastern side of Theramore Isle.","Bring the Spy's Report to Captain Garran Vimes.","A report from an orc spy! How did you find this? No matter -- let's see what it says...","","","","",""
1221,"Blueleaf Tubers","Blueleaf tubers are a delicacy around the world!  But they're rare, very rare.  The only place to find them is here in the Barrens, deep in the earth, in Razorfen Kraul.$B$BAnd even then, they're impossible to find unless you know just where to look!  That's why I've trained these snufflenose gophers to find them for me.  They have great noses and can smell a tuber from fifty paces away.$B$BIt won't be easy, but if you get me some tubers I'll pay you handsomely.","Grab a Crate with Holes.$BGrab a Snufflenose Command Stick.$BGrab and read the Snufflenose Owner's Manual.$B$BIn Razorfen Kraul, use the Crate with Holes to summon a Snufflenose Gopher, and use the Command Stick on the gopher to make it search for Tubers.$B$BBring 10 Blueleaf Tubers, the Snufflenose Command Stick and the Crate with Holes to Mebok Mizzyrix in Ratchet.","Great, you got them!  I can sell these to my contacts for a bundle!$B$BThanks for the delivery, $N!  You are a great partner. ","","","","",""
1222,"Stinky's Escape","Great, finally something that doesn't want to eat me!$B$BI need help handling the critters around here, and you fit the mold, $gbuddy:lady;.$B$BThe cook Morgan Stern is researching a new recipe, and he sent me out here to gather bogbean leaves.  I guess he thinks they're tasty.$B$BAnyway, while looking for a bogbean plant... I got myself surrounded!  Can you help me out of here, and watch my back as I look for the bogbean?","Escort \"Stinky\" Ignatz, then speak with Morgan Stern in Theramore.","Mr. Ignatz was just here with the bogbean leaves, and he told me you helped him out of some real trouble.$B$BThank you, $N.  I will ask my uncle to treat you to a feast the next time you visit the Blue Recluse in Stormwind.","Help Stinky find Bogbean Leaves","","","",""
1238,"The Lost Report","Sifting through the loose dirt, the severed hand of an orc is found.  And clutched in the hand is a bone-carved tube.  And in the tube is a dirt-stained parchment.$B$BThe parchment is a report made by an orc who spent weeks spying on the city of Theramore.$B$BAfter scanning the parchment, it is clear that it must be brought to the orc spymaster in Brackenwall Village.","Bring the Spy's Report to Nazeer Bloodpike in Brackenwall Village.","Good work, $N.  Our agent, Marg Nighteye, was stationed outside Theramore.  He was charged to spy on the city.  $B$BThis is his latest report, and it may be his last -- from your testimony, I fear that Marg met his end in the swamp...","","","","",""
1239,"The Severed Head","Vigorous digging reveals the head of a male orc, raggedly severed at the neck.  His lips are frozen in a snarl, and its dark eyes stare defiantly.","Bring the Defiant Orc Head to Nazeer Bloodpike in Brackenwall Village.","This is the head of Marg Nighteye!  As I feared, he is dead.$B$BLook at the wound on his neck!  Could a weapon have made that ragged cut, or did some beast slay our agent?$B$BThis is a mystery we must solve, $N.  We must discover if Marg's death was at the hands of the Alliance!","","","","",""
1240,"The Troll Witchdoctor","We must know the events surrounding Marg's death!  And the only way to do that, $N, is through the witch-magic of trolls.$B$BBring Marg's head to Kin'weelay in Stranglethorn Vale, at the Grom'gol Base Camp.$B$BKin'weelay is the most powerful witchdoctor of the Darkspear trolls.  If anyone can speak to Marg Nighteye's spirit, it is he.","Take the Defiant Orc Head to Kin'weelay in the Grom'gol Base Camp in Stranglethorn Vale.","Ah, I now see.  The spirit of this orc is bound in our world, boiling with rage from a task yet undone.$B$BWell, let us have words with this angry orc...","","","","",""
1241,"The Missing Diplomat","Recently a diplomat was sent to Theramore to meet with Jaina Proudmoore. That diplomat never arrived.$B$BI believe the Defias are involved in this plot, but I'm not sure how. The diplomat's disappearance still eludes public attention, but it can't remain that way for long.$B$BAgents of the king are already scouring the city for clues, but I have my own contacts I would like involved.$B$BIn the Valley of Heroes is an old friend of mine named Jorgen. Find him, give him this note, and follow his instructions.","Find Jorgen in Stormwind City.","Hmm... <Jorgen looks up at you through squinted eyes.>$b$bAll right. I'll help ya, but not because I want to, but because I'm obligated.$b$bAnd let's get one thing straight: you're knowin' far more than you should to begin with. Let's keep this our little secret, and don't go blabbin' at any taverns about anything you find out. Understand?","","","","",""
1242,"The Missing Diplomat","Take this here note to Elling Trias. Don't say nothin' else to him. Just be polite and wait for him to respond. And don't worry, he will.$B$BI'm gonna only impress this on ya once more, $N: treat this matter seriously, and keep your yapper shut.$B$BYa can find Trias at his cheese shop, Trias' Cheese, in the Trade District. Good luck.","Delivery Jorgen's Sealed Note to Elling Trias in Stormwind City.","I'm sorry, a letter for me? Well, I'll be... not often you get a delivery that's not a crate or barrel when all you do is work. Let's see what this is about.$B$B<Elling looks up at you while he opens the letter.>$B$BYou look a little tense, you okay, $N?","","","","",""
1243,"The Missing Diplomat","Jorgen, you ol' sonuva.... So, that's how it's going to be, huh?$B$BAll right, I can deal with that. I hope he finds the Twisting Nether that much sooner!$B$BHere's what's gonna happen, $N. I'll start using my contacts here, but you're doing most of the footwork so I save some coin.$B$BHead to Darkshire in Duskwood and find Watcher Backus--he usually patrols the north road right outside of town. Just tell him you're looking into any Defias activity for me and he'll help you out with any information he can.","Give the Sealed Note to Watcher Backus in Duskwood.","Oh, Trias sent you, huh? That's a little different.$B$BFeel free to fight whatever monstrosities come at you from the darkness. I'm sure you'll be able to handle it pretty easily if you're the type to be hanging around with the likes of him.$B$BSo, what does my friend need of me on such a gloomy day as this?","","","","",""
1244,"The Missing Diplomat","Defias activity? Well, there's always some activity; even if they keep to themselves we consider them a threat.$B$BBut now that I think about it, there was a recent sighting that seemed odd. It must have been a couple weeks ago, but some of their agents had gathered around Addle's Stead. From the report, I'd guessed something big went down.$B$BWhy don't you check there first and bring me back anything you find?$B$BThe farmstead is south of the road from Westfall just as you enter Duskwood.","Find the Defias Docket and return it to Watcher Backus in Duskwood.","You're back safe and sound. Couldn't ask for much more than that, could you?$B$BNow, let's see what we have here. This looks pretty official as far as any Defias documents I've seen. But it could be a dupe just to throw you off track of whatever it is you're looking for.","","","","",""
1245,"The Missing Diplomat","Whoa, this looks way too complex to be something to just lead you astray. I shouldn't even be looking at this stuff. Take it to Trias--he'll be able to make sense of it. And DON'T let anyone get in your way. This is bigger than me. It might even be bigger than him, but we'll see.$B$BAnd do me a favor, $N, don't tell anyone I helped you. If my superiors found out I knew about any of this and didn't share it with them they'd probably hang me.","Bring the Defias Docket to Elling Trias in Stormwind.","Yeah... this is an interesting read. Jorgen and DeLavey were smart to bring me in on this.$B$BSeems the Defias have been trying pretty hard to complete this plan of theirs. Hmm... what's this? Fist? That's a familiar name.","","","","",""
1246,"The Missing Diplomat","Yeah, now that I think about it... Dashel... Dashel something... What was his name? FIST! Dashel Stonefist. They call him Fist in some circles--probably on account that he likes to get in brawls.$B$BYou can find him in Old Town usually--right smack dab in the center of it. Go talk to him. If you have to, use a sword or something heavy and blunt to persuade him to open up some. And don't hesitate. If he's in this as deep as these papers suggest, then he's not going to give you any information willingly.","Speak to Dashel Stonefist in Stormwind.","What?!$B$BYou come into me alley and ask questions about me personal business? Business which you obviously have nothing to do with.","","","","",""
1247,"The Missing Diplomat","So yeah... um... I might know something 'bout that meeting at Addle's Stead. Happened a few weeks back I think. I really didn't have any part in it. Me part was done when plan A failed... damn adventurers.$B$BThe guy we got on the inside for plan B came out of Menethil; guy called Slim. That's all I know regarding their backup plan.","Speak to Elling Trias in Stormwind.","Good to see you're still alive, $N. So, it went well with Dashel then, huh?$B$BI've been reading up more on this plan of theirs, and although it doesn't state the name of the diplomat they were after, it does talk about this plan B they enacted after failing on their first attempt to capture him.$B$BThis Slim that Dashel mentioned doesn't have any other name written here, but if you say he's in Menethil, then that's a start.","","","","",""
1248,"The Missing Diplomat","A contact of mine retired in the Wetlands at the harbor city of Menethil. He should be willing to help on your word alone if you tell him you're working for me. His name is Mikhail. He mentioned becoming a bartender before leaving Stormwind a few years ago.$B$BSpeak to him, find this Slim, and find out if there's anything else to know about this kidnapped diplomat. We need to find out where they've taken him, or at least who he is. The docket doesn't mention anything about their plans after he's captured.","Speak to Mikhail in the Wetlands.","Welcome, welcome, welcome, $N. Good of you to join us. Perhaps an ale today? Or some mutton?$B$BName your pleasure and I'll see to it that you're taken care of. My name is Mikhail, and I look forward to serving you.$B$BHmm? What's that? Trias? Keep your voice down, my friend. This isn't something for the whole tavern to hear about.","","","","",""
1249,"The Missing Diplomat","You say Elling sent you here? Well then, the hospitality I expressed is now tenfold. Anything you need, just ask. I will do my best to aid you.$B$BHmm, Slim, you say? Not sure the name sounds familiar, but I'll keep my eyes out for him.$B$BDon't look now, $N, but the gentleman over by the exit is looking over here. He's listening to our conversation a little too intently if you catch my meaning? If I were you, I'd do what you can to subdue him before he makes a break for the door.","Subdue Tapoke Jahn before he escapes, and then return to Mikhail in Menethil.","Caught him, huh? Good for you. I'm surprised that was Slim.$B$BI'll be honest, I never thought I'd miss the excitement of some of the more devious underground activities. I guess old habits die hard. Don't mention that to Elling--he'd probably try and get me to come back to Stormwind if he heard I missed the action.$B$BI'm glad I could at least be of a little service to you while you were in Menethil. If you need anything else, just ask.","Defeat Tapoke Jahn","","","",""
1250,"The Missing Diplomat","The Defias didn't pay me well enough to die for their cause. They took the king. Yeah, the king of Stormwind, not some lowly diplomat. He was on his way to Theramore to meet with Jaina Proudmore--it was a big deal apparently, and a big secret. But it's not just the Defias that are involved. They're working with someone. I think they knew this was bigger than them.$B$BMy part was just to get their man on board the king's ship while it was in the harbor. The guy's name was Hendel. That's all I know. I swear!","Speak to Mikhail in the Wetlands.","THE KING?! I mean... the king? The real king? Are you joking? You didn't mention you were looking for the king's kidnappers. I didn't even hear he was missing--that would explain his son being crowned some.$B$BI'll send word to Elling right away. He'll want to know you're on the trail.$B$BI would never have guessed Jahn would sell out Stormwind for some lousy coin. Even a rogue's got to have honor when it comes to some things.$B$BThe key now is to find this Hendel. And I think I can help with that.","","","","",""
1251,"The Black Shield","An iron shield, blackened by the fire that raged through the inn, is affixed to the crumbling chimney, one of the few remaining parts of the structure that once made up the Shady Rest Inn.$b$bThe shield can be removed from the brick of the chimney.","Bring the Blackened Iron Shield to Krog in Brackenwall Village.","I grant that humans have strange decorating tastes, but would they use a plain iron shield to adorn their fireplace? Perhaps this shield was placed there by the ones who burned the inn.$b$bA warning? A threat?","","","","",""
1252,"Lieutenant Paval Reethe","A glint of light on the ground catches your eye from underneath the rubble. Brushing away debris and ash caked onto the object reveals the insignia of a gold anchor on white enameled on the surface: the sign of Theramore.$b$bUnderneath the anchor is embossed the name \"Lieutenant Paval Reethe\".","Bring Reethe's Badge to Captain Garran Vimes in Theramore.","It's never good news when a guard's badge is brought to me.$B$BSometimes it's a man or woman who's fallen in battle, and I'm left to bring the news to the grieving family. Other times we never find out what happened to them. And other times it's even worse than that.","","","","",""
1253,"The Black Shield","An iron shield, blackened by the fire that raged through the inn, is affixed to the crumbling chimney, one of the few remaining parts of the structure that once made up the Shady Rest Inn.$b$bThe shield can be removed from the brick of the chimney.","Bring the Blackened Iron Shield to Captain Garran Vimes in Theramore.","Hm, I'm no expert with the construction of arms and armor. Their use, yes, but not their making.$B$BThis shield seems as ordinary as any, excepting the damage from the fire that engulfed the inn.","","","","",""
1258,"... and Bugs","Another component of my new recipe is the shelled leg of a giant crab.  And the crabs they have in Dustwallow -- Muckshells they call them -- just won't do!  I'm afraid the only suitable crabs live far away, in the Swamp of Sorrows.$B$BThe shell of the crab leg is a key element of the dish's presentation so I need pristine, unscarred legs.  An adult crab might only have one or two such legs, and I need a lot in order to research my dish.$B$BSo, $N... are you willing to travel?","Bring 12 Pristine Crawler Legs to Morgan Stern in Theramore.","These are wonderful specimens, $N!  The shells are in perfect condition, and the meat is pink and tender.  The blood of a chef is in your veins, I'm sure of it!","","","","",""
1259,"Lieutenant Paval Reethe","I don't recognize the name of Lieutenant Paval Reethe. Your best bet would be to check with Adjutant Tesoran. He keeps track of all the records for the Theramore guard, from personnel to their equipment.$b$bHe should be able to tell you who this Reethe is with a quick check of his books.","Find out more about Reethe from Adjutant Tesoran in Theramore.","Hello, $N. You'd like information about a specific member of the Theramore guard? Reethe, was it?$B$BJust give me a moment to find the right book.","","","","",""
1260,"Morgan Stern","I'm developing a new menu for the restaurant.  It will be filled with rural dishes with a \"bayou\" theme.  I think my clientele at the Blue Recluse will love them!$B$BI sent my nephew Morgan to Theramore, a city on the edge of the Dustwallow Marsh.  He's there gathering recipes from the locals, and I must know what he found so far.$B$BThe trip to Theramore is long.  Too long for me.  But I bet a young $c like yourself would jump at the chance to travel, yes?","Speak with Morgan Stern in Theramore.","Oh, my uncle sent you, did he?$b$bWell I've been researching recipes and I have some leads, but I need help.$b$bHelp from someone willing to get his feet wet.","","","","",""
1261,"Marg Speaks","Cursed muckshell!  You can't kill Marg!  Ah, but I am dead.  So it must have slain me...$B$BBut my mission!  My mission!  You, $N, must complete it.$B$BWhile near Theramore, I spied a group of Alliance soldiers camped on the beach.  And one soldier wore a pendant... a pendant laden with more gems than any soldier could afford!$B$BThat night I snuck into their camp and stole the pendant, but on my return to base a muckshell crab-man killed me!$B$B$N, you must find that muckshell and recover the pendant!","Bring the Jeweled Pendant to Nazeer in Brackenwall Village.","This pendant was worn by a soldier of Stormwind??$B$BThank you, $N.  You have revealed the secret of Marg's death.  But this pendant is a new mystery to solve, one that may have dire effects on the Alliance, and the Horde.","","","","",""
1262,"Report to Zor","It is strange that the pendant Marg stole was in the hands of common soldiers.  Perhaps its owner was in disguise, or perhaps the soldiers themselves stole it!$B$BRegardless of which is true, this is a noble's pendant and we must discover its true owner if we are to unravel its mystery.$B$BTake the pendant to Zor Lonetree in Orgrimmar.  He is well schooled in Alliance politics, and will know if this pendant has a history among the nobles of Stormwind.","Bring the Jeweled Pendant to Zor Lonetree in Orgrimmar.","This pendant was crafted with great skill and precision, $N.  No orc would covet such a jewel...$B$BBut many humans would.$B$BI will have this pendant studied.  In time let us hope that its mysteries will be revealed to us.","","","","",""
1264,"The Missing Diplomat","The beginning of every month the Kul Tiras Marines all get paid and usually leave Theramore for somewhere else. A lot of them come here to womanize, carouse, and just have a good time. One of those groups I'd consider regulars here at the tavern, and I believe this Hendel is among them.$B$BCommander Samaul in Theramore would be able to help you find him if Hendel's still stationed there. He's completely loyal to Proudmoore, but if you drop Elling's name, he should help you out... discretely.","Find Commander Samaul in Dustwallow Marsh.","A pleasure to meet you, $N. I am Commander Samaul. I'm in charge of Miss Proudmoore's forces here in Theramore.$B$BAlthough I'm quite busy, if you have any questions, please feel free to speak up. I might have to keep it short, but there's no reason for me to be rude if you need my help.$B$BIf you plan on traveling out of the city, I'd suggest you be careful. Besides ogres, orcs and murlocs, the southern part of the swamp is filled with black dragons.","","","","",""
1265,"The Missing Diplomat","Hendel? Yes, I know the man. But why would you need one of my soldiers?$B$BElling sent you to find him? Hmm, I don't like the sound of that. Elling wouldn't have you come to me first if your business wasn't troubling. I understand if you can't tell me what this is about, but know this: I have a duty to protect these lands. If you're going to cause a disturbance, then I suggest you inform me of whatever you can.$B$BI believe Hendel was stationed at the first tower outside of Theramore. Be cautious.","Search Sentry Point for any sign of Private Hendel.","The man you seek, the one known as Hendel, is not here. Other sources have brought to the Lady Proudmoore information I believe you already know. She has asked me to find you, and give you aid in your venture. If you would allow it, I will tell you where to find Private Hendel so we can bring him to justice.","Sentry Point explored","","","",""
1266,"The Missing Diplomat","Private Hendel is to the west of here. He's currently on guard duty protecting some of Theramore's infiltrators while they rest. They've been keeping tabs on the Horde base, Brackenwall, and looking for anything else that might threaten our borders.$B$BYou should have no problem finding him; just look for the tents along the road.$B$BI have another matter to attend to, but I shall catch up to you soon enough. You can always find me in the Lady Proudmoore's tower if you have any problems.","Find Private Hendel in Dustwallow Marsh.","Hello, citizen. This is a dangerous place to be wandering about. I wouldn't hang around too long if you value your life.$B$BIf you keep your questions short, I'll see if I can help you. Just keep your eyes open for any of those filthy ogres. Rumor has it there's a Horde base somewhere in the swamps. The infiltrators are doing what they can to find it, but the process has been slow going and we've had little progress.","","","","",""
1267,"The Missing Diplomat","","Speak to Jaina Proudmore in Dustwallow Swamp.","Let me be first to thank you for all you've done, $N. You have been an incredible blessing to my people and the people of Stormwind. I am sorry I couldn't make your acquaintance under better circumstances.$B$BUnderstand also that I cannot overtly thank you for your efforts, but I assure you again, it is appreciated.$B$BWhen you visit Theramore in the future, seek me out and I shall try to keep you appraised of the situation.$B$BThank you again, $N.","","","","",""
1268,"Suspicious Hoofprints","Rows of hoofprints lead away from the still-smoking skeleton of the Shady Rest Inn. There are at least a few visible impressions, with more rows of prints almost imperceptible in the soft mud of the marsh.","Report about the suspicious prints at the Shady Rest Inn to Krog in Brackenwall Village.","Hoofprints... It could have been the quilboar, I suppose. Or maybe even the centaur. Their presence in the Barrens is not insignificant, and I would not think it a stretch to commit such an act.$b$bDid I tell you? It wasn't just that the inn was burned down... The owner's woman and pup were killed. Bad business, that.$b$bNonetheless, I will send Kagoro to find where the tracks lead.","","","","",""
1269,"Lieutenant Paval Reethe","A glint of light on the ground catches your eye from underneath the rubble. Brushing debris and ash caked onto the object reveals the insignia of a gold anchor on white, enameled on the surface: the sign of Theramore.$b$bUnderneath the anchor is embossed the name \"Lieutenant Paval Reethe\".","Bring Reethe's Badge to Krog in Brackenwall Village.","I know this human, Paval Reethe. Pathetic, even for his kind. He deserted his fellow soldiers and is now hiding out in the woods.$b$bI sent Ogron out to track him down. Some of the others suspect he's been stealing from our supplies. I think I saw Ogron heading off to the southeast.","","","","",""
1270,"Stinky's Escape","Great, finally something that doesn't want to eat me!!$B$BI need help handling the critters around here, and you fit the mold, $gbuddy:lady;.$B$BA goblin from Ratchet named Mebok Mizzyrix needs some bogbean leaves for a potion, or something... I honestly don't care why -- his money was good and I know this swamp, so here I am.$B$BToo bad I got myself surrounded before I found the bogbean!  Can you help me out of here, and watch my back as I look for Mebok's plant?","Escort \"Stinky\" Ignatz, then speak with Mebok Mizzyrix in Ratchet.","Stinky was here with the herbs I ask of him, and he told me you helped him out of a bind.  Good work!  A friend of Stinky's is a friend of mine!$B$BHe asked me to give you this if I ever saw you, right before he walked back south toward the marsh.","Help Stinky find Bogbean Leaves","","","",""
1271,"Feast at the Blue Recluse","","","My nephew said you aided him with his research in Dustwallow, and that you helped his associate out of a tight spot.  Well, we Sterns stick together and we don't ignore our friends!$B$BSo wash your hands, $N, because we're about to throw a party in your honor!","","","","",""
1273,"Questioning Reethe","It took a long time, but I found Reethe. He hide good for a human.$b$bOgron worried that he might be crazy after so much time in swamp. You come with me for we go get answers from him.","Go with Ogron to speak with Reethe, then return to Krog in Brackenwall Village.","Hmph. It is good that Reethe will no longer be lurking around the swamp, but it is a shame that humans are built so frail that he could not recover from a little arrow wound.$b$bIt seems that this thread of the mystery has led nowhere, and we must look elsewhere.","Question Reethe with Ogron","","","",""
1274,"The Missing Diplomat","Excuse me, $g sir : madam;. Bishop DeLavey asked me to approach adventurers that might be able to help him with a delicate matter.$B$BIf you could quietly head to Stormwind Keep and speak to him at your earliest convenience, I'm sure he would appreciate your help. Again, please be discreet. It is a matter of some importance.","Find Bishop DeLavey in Stormwind Keep.","Hello, $N. I am Bishop DeLavey.$B$BNo doubt if you're asking me about my business here in the keep then young Thomas has succeeded in requisitioning you to help our kingdom. He has always been adept at following my requests.$B$BI'm afraid I don't have time to elaborate much, so allow me to be blunt... and please, try to keep this from becoming common knowledge.","","","","",""
1275,"Researching the Corruption","Foolish blood elves toil with demonic magic. Have they not witnessed what happened with the naga and with the satyrs of Kalimdor?$b$bI fear that the blood elves will meet a similar deformation. Azeroth cannot afford to give birth to another vile race of monsters.$b$bI wish to study the brain stems of the satyr and naga so that I might deduce what fate the elves are headed toward. In Blackfathom Deeps, on the coast of Ashenvale, you will find both satyr and naga.$b$b'Tis a long journey, $n.","Gershala Nightwhisper in Auberdine wants 8 Corrupt Brain stems.","You have traveled far and undoubtedly faced great peril.$B$BYour actions have been selfless. 'Tis for the good of all Azeroth that you help me with my research. I thank you, $N, for all that you have done.$B$BNow if you'll excuse me I have much work to do....","","","","",""
1276,"The Black Shield","Ah, I remember now! Mosarn is a well-respected blacksmith in Thunder Bluff. I knew I had heard his name somewhere, before.$b$bIn thanks, the Earthen Ring awarded me with a set of armor crafted by Mosarn. Very good work.$b$bPerhaps he can tell you more about the shield he crafted.$b$bIt's not much of a lead, but since we didn't get anything useful out of Reethe, it's all we have.","Show the Blackened Iron Shield to Mosarn in Thunder Bluff.","Yes, you are certainly correct. This is a shield that I made.$b$bI'm afraid there's not much more I can tell you though, $n. I craft so many different shields and sets of armor, I can't keep track of them all.","","","","",""
1282,"They Call Him Smiling Jim","I can't help it if I feel sorry for ol' Jim there. He wasn't always like that. Ran an inn out in the marsh for a while, wonderful place.$b$bLook, I don't really want to talk about it. Bring it up with Captain Vimes if you really have to.","Speak with Captain Garran Vimes in Theramore.","James Hyal's his real name. He opened an inn at the edge of the Barrens. Wanted to make a nice place for travelers to stop over...$B$BMight be he was thinking too big, but the inn did do well for a while. Then we lost control of the roads in the marsh, and the ogres took over.$B$BJames was too stubborn to give up his dream for safety within our walls, and the Shady Rest Inn was burnt to the ground. We're investigating, but haven't had much luck. If you want to help out, see what you can find in the rubble.","","","","",""
1284,"Suspicious Hoofprints","Rows of hoofprints lead away from the still-smoking skeleton of the Shady Rest Inn. There are at least a few visible impressions, with more rows of prints almost imperceptible in the soft mud of the marsh.","Report about the suspicious prints at the Shady Rest Inn to Captain Garran Vimes in Theramore.","Hoofprints, eh? It is true that there is an extraordinary amount of centaur activity in the lands near the Dustwallow Marsh. In brief excursions into the Barrens, we found their camps and holdings dotting the area.$B$BI'll send out Falgran Hastil, one of our trackers, to see if he can find where the tracks lead.","","","","",""
1285,"Daelin's Men","Reddon... Redpath... Ah, here it is! Lieutenant Paval Reethe.$b$bJoined the Theramore guard along with most of the recruits that came across the sea with Lady Proudmoore. Enlisted with the marines of Kul Tiras at the age of sixteen. Distinguished service, promotions...$b$bListed as missing.","Return the information about Reethe to Captain Garran Vimes in Theramore.","Missing? That would be Tesoran's kind way of saying traitor.$B$BNo doubt he's one of those fools so blindly loyal to Admiral Daelin that he turned traitor. Isn't that a delicious irony? The deserters accuse us of betraying the Alliance.","","","","",""
1286,"The Deserters","It has been a struggle maintaining a presence in the marsh, but through strength of our resolve, we have been able to maintain several defensive watchtowers throughout the area.$b$bThe latest information and scouting reports I have received indicate that a group of deserters has squatted in our abandoned tower at Lost Point, southeast of the inn.$b$bThe deserters' leader is a man named Jacken. See if you can get some information out of him.$b$bBe warned, $n. He may be a tough nut to crack.","Get information about Reethe from Balos Jacken and the deserters in Dustwallow Marsh.","Did Vimes send you? Couldn't do his dirty work himself, could he...","","","","",""
1287,"The Deserters","Reethe? That coward?$b$bWe threw him out of camp because he insisted on raiding the supplies of the ogres up at Brackenwall Village. We're not so many in number that we could stand up to those mindless brutes.$b$bHe crossed the line one too many times, so we left him to fend for himself.$b$bNow, I helped you out... So, why don't you help us out and forget you bumped into us?","Speak with Captain Garran Vimes in Theramore about Reethe.","I will send Lieutenant Caldwell to deal with the deserters at Lost Point. In addition, I will instruct him to find Reethe. The marsh is not so big and trackless that he should be unable to find him.","","","","",""
1288,"Vimes's Report","You've done some good work, $n, best I've seen from an amateur.$b$bLady Proudmoore asked that I keep her apprised of this delicate situation, and I haven't spoken to her for some time now.$b$bI was going to deliver my report to her later, but it seems more fitting that you should be the one to speak with her about it. You can probably answer her questions better than I could.","Bring Vimes's Report to Lady Jaina Proudmoore in Theramore.","Well, judging from Captain Vimes's report, you've been a huge help to his investigation, and for that I thank you.$b$bI can put my mind more at ease knowing that the matter is in such capable hands. If you would, I would request that you return to Captain Vimes and help him in getting to the bottom of this mystery.","","","","",""
1289,"Vimes's Report","Well. judging from Captain Vimes's report. you've been a huge help to his investigation. and for that I thank you.$B$BI can put my mind more at ease knowing that the matter is in such capable hands. If you would. I would request that you return to Captain Vimes and help him in getting to the bottom of this mystery.","Return to Captain Garran Vimes in Theramore.","","","","","",""
1301,"James Hyal","Before working here at the Blue Recluse, I was trained by one of the best chefs and innkeepers I'd ever met. His name was James Hyal. Everything I have and everywhere I've gotten in life is thanks to him.$b$bI wonder how he's doing. His brother Vincent and he went to work in a tavern in Menethil Harbor, but I haven't heard from him recently.$b$bIf you ever happen to be headed in that direction, maybe you could say hello to him for me?","Speak with Vincent Hyal in Menethil Harbor.","James? Oh, he left quite some time ago.$B$BFelt the second wind of patriotism, I suppose. Not hard to see why he would. With all the insanity in Lordaeron, many people joined up with Jaina Proudmoore when she went across the sea.","","","","",""
1302,"James Hyal","My brother James went with Lady Proudmoore across the sea. Last I heard, the fighting had settled down over there, and James was setting up an inn somewhere on the continent. Wherever he is, I'm sure he's doing good business. Damn fine cook he was.$b$bI haven't heard from him for a while now--too busy with his inn, I'd wager--but the clerk in Theramore could probably point you to him.","Speak with Clerk Lendry in Theramore.","James Hyal, James Hyal... Why does that name sound so familiar?$B$BOf course! The Shady Rest Inn incident. If you have any information about what happened there, I would urge you to speak with Captain Vimes about it. He's handling the investigation.","","","","",""
1319,"The Black Shield","I'm sorry I can't be of much help, $n, but I can refer you to someone who would be. Caz Twosprocket, one of our best blacksmiths, works the forge at the smithy.$b$bTake the shield to him, and see what he can tell you.","Show the Blackened Iron Shield to Caz Twosprocket in Theramore.","Hm... interesting piece of iron you have here. Definitely not made by any of the blacksmiths I know over on this side of the sea, and it's certainly not my work.","","","","",""
1320,"The Black Shield","Ah, I almost missed this... The leather strap on the back must have burned off, but it seems like it was made to fit a large person. I'd guess a tauren, actually.$b$bThat's about all I can tell you. Tell Captain Vimes I'm sorry I couldn't be of more help.","Speak with Captain Garran Vimes in Theramore.","That's not much information to work on, but we'll have to keep it in mind. Hopefully some of the other pieces of this mystery will fall into place, and paint a more helpful picture of what happened.","","","","",""
1321,"The Black Shield","Hmm... I don't see anything out of the ordinary with this shield. We should have Do'gol, the blacksmith, take a look at it, and see if he can tell us more about it, but I wouldn't hold out hope...","Show the Blackened Iron Shield to Do'gol in Brackenwall Village.","This is good shield. Very strong, heavy, good. But Do'gol don't need it. I make shields, not buy them, $n.$b$bYou should know that.","","","","",""
1322,"The Black Shield","Hmmm, there's writing right here on the rim of the shield, but it's hard to read from all the burned stuff.$b$bI need acid to make it clear. Venom from the Darkfang spiders in the marsh would do good. Get me some of their sacs and I can clean this up.","Acquire 6 Acidic Venom Sacs for Do'gol in Brackenwall Village.","I don't like spiders that are so big I can't sit on them and squish them.$b$bThanks for getting them, $n. Now I rip them open and pour them onto the shield...","","","","",""
1323,"The Black Shield","Oh, I think I might have dropped too much acid onto the shield. Let me just rub a little...$b$bHm, kind of hard to read, but it looks like the name Mosarn. Never heard of him. Maybe Krog knows. Krog knows many people.","Talk with Krog in Brackenwall Village.","Mosarn? Sounds familiar... I can't put my finger on it. Maybe it'll come to me later.$b$bIt probably isn't important. A shield can come from anywhere and not mean anything...","","","","",""
1324,"The Missing Diplomat","What?! You come here accusing me of allying with the Defias, and think I'll just stand here while you insult me?! Something tells me you've had this coming for a long time.","Defeat Private Hendel in Dustwallow Marsh.","I assure you, we're all quite upset about current events, but allow us to take him back to Theramore for some questioning, and we'll see about finding the King.$B$BI'm sure my lady Proudmore would like to thank you for your help. Speak to her when you have a moment.","Subdue Private Hendel","","","",""
1338,"Stormpike's Order","There is a dwarven armorsmith whose work I admire greatly.  His name is Furen Longbeard, and his skill is unmatched.  I need a new shield, and I must have one of his!$B$BThe problem is... Furen is far to the south, in the dwarven district within Stormwind.  In human lands!  I can't imagine why he would live there, so far from Ironforge.  The humans must pay him a king's ransom to keep him there!$B$BSo, if you want to travel and don't mind making some money, then will you send Furen my request for a shield?","Bring Stormpike's Request to Furen Longbeard in Stormwind.","Ah, a request from one of the Stormpikes. That's a proud clan, full of quality dwarves. Rich ones, too.$B$BThank you, $N. I'll get to work on Mountaineer Stormpike's shield by the end of the day.","","","","",""
1339,"Mountaineer Stormpike's Task","I hear Mountaineer Stormpike is looking for a runner.  Someone to do a little traveling for him.  How about it?  Are you the $r for the job?$B$BIf so, then you'll find Stormpike at the top of the northern guard tower.","Speak with Mountaineer Stormpike.","That's right. I have a task that I can't do while I'm guarding. In fact, it'll take you far from Loch Modan.$b$bYour perfect chance for adventure!","","","","",""
1358,"Sample for Helbrim","A colleague in Kalimdor, Apothecary Helbrim, is researching the effects of Lordaeron toxins on the beasts of Kalimdor.  He would be very interested in a sample of the wolf hearts Renferrel sent me.$B$BHelbrim is stationed in the Barrens, in a village known as the Crossroads.  To reach him, you must travel via zeppelin to the orc capital of Orgrimmar, then travel south, by foot, to Durotar.  Head west into the Barrens, and you will soon reach the Crossroads.","Bring the Wolf Heart Sample to Apothecary Helbrim in the Barrens.","Ah, very good.  If initial reports are true, then the toxicity of these hearts could lead to further advances in our knowledge of poisons.$B$BThis is a welcome delivery, $N.  Your reward is well earned.","","","","",""
1359,"Zinge's Delivery","The wolf hearts you acquired possess a quality unseen in similar specimens.  There is a toxicity to them that should be deadly to the very wolves in which the hearts beat!$B$BIt's quite incredible, and we must study it further.  I kept a few samples of the hearts acquired.  Take them to my colleague, Apothecary Zinge.  You will find her in our headquarters in the Undercity.","Bring the Wolf Heart Samples to Apothecary Zinge in the Undercity.","Ah yes, the heart samples of which Renferrel spoke. I am eager to experiment with these... it is always of interest to the Royal Apothecary Society when new forms of toxins are discovered.","","","","",""
1360,"Reclaimed Treasures","I had myself a fine job as a digger at the Uldaman excavation site in the Badlands... that is until those blasted troggs showed up.  I escaped with my hide barely intact, and nothing else.  In the chaos, I left my most treasured possession.  It's safe from the troggs in my chest, sure, but it's right in the thick of 'em.$B$BI'd be in your debt, both in honor and coin, if you could fetch it for me!  A chest with my name on it is at the end of the North Common Hall.  That's the one you need to get in.","Get Krom Stoutarm's treasured possession from his chest in the North Common Hall of Uldaman, and bring it to him in Ironforge.","Ah, I feel complete again - thank you kindly.$B$BSome dwarves may treasure the luster of metal, and some may treasure the glint of gems... but a Stoutarm without a treasured stein in hand is hardly a Stoutarm at all!","","","","",""
1361,"Regthar Deathgate","A warrior of the Horde, Regthar Deathgate, is recruiting agents for a mission into the land of Desolace.  Speak with him if you wish to volunteer.  He is stationed in the Barrens, in a series of bunkers west of the Crossroads.$B$BAnd sharpen your weapons.  Desolace is a place torn by war.","Speak with Regthar Deathgate.","Yes, I am recruiting.  This mission leads into Desolace, against the centaur there.  I will be brief so that you may quickly begin.","","","","",""
1362,"The Kolkar of Desolace","The Kolkar centaur live in Desolace, and their forces have spread into the Barrens.  This is a known fact and we have Horde agents dealing with them here.$B$BBut as long as the centaur are strong in Desolace, they will always pose a threat.  It is time we rid ourselves of that threat.$B$BSpeak with Felgur Twocuts at Ghost Walker Post in Desolace.  He was sent to gather intelligence on the centaur.  He will know how to best deal with the Kolkar of Desolace.","Speak with Felgur Twocuts at Ghost Walker Post in Desolace.","You are here on orders from Regthar?  Then you are here to deal with the centaur.  Good.$B$BI hope you're rested.  I don't know how our campaign against the centaur will end, but I know the struggle will be long.$B$BHave a seat, and listen.","","","","",""
1363,"Mazen's Behest","As caretaker of the works here in the library of the Academy of Arcane Arts and Sciences, it is my responsibility to ensure all the magical tomes and scrolls are accounted for at all times. Who knows what folly would unfold if some of these enchanted texts were to fall into the wrong hands?$b$bWhich reminds me... my assistant, Dellis, made a horrible mistake last week. He's quite able in the library but incompetent when he leaves the gates of Stormwind. Be a hero, and help old Dellis out, would you?","Speak with Acolyte Dellis in Stormwind.","It wasn't my fault. Really it wasn't.","","","","",""
1364,"Mazen's Behest","Master Mazen's directions were quite clear: Deliver a very important essay to Watcher Mahar Ba in Nethergarde Keep.$b$bBut I had never been to the Blasted Lands before! The journey was frightening!$b$bWhen I got to the Swamp of Sorrows, I made a wrong turn and ended up surrounded by horrible plant-like swamp creatures. They lurched as if to attack me so I ran. But in my haste I dropped the essay. One of the beasts took it I am sure.$b$bCould you please try to retrieve it and deliver it to Mahar Ba?","Retrieve Khadgar's Essays on Dimensional Convergence and deliver them to Watcher Mahar Ba in Nethergarde Keep.","Ah, most splendid!$B$BFor some time I had feared my request for Khadgar's Essays on Dimensional Convergence had been overlooked by Master Mazen of the Academy of Arcane Arts and Sciences.$B$BHe must be bogged down with requests considering the many strange happenings going on.$B$BNow, if you'll excuse me, I need to begin my research at once. To finally glimpse the insight of one as great as Khadgar excites me to no end.","","","","",""
1365,"Khan Dez'hepah","The Kolkar are not the only centaur of Desolace.  Many clans wander these dry plains, fighting and dying against each other.  And it is good that they fight among themselves, for they are strong and brutal.  If the centaur united against us, they would be a fierce foe.$B$BWe must deal with them before they unite.$B$BYour first task is to disrupt the Kolkar clan.  Do this by killing its leader, Khan Dez'hepah.$B$BThe Kolkar Village is northeast of here.  Go, and may fortune go with you.","Bring Khan Dez'hepah's Head to Felgur Twocuts in Desolace.","Well done.  This swift act against the Kolkar is an effective show of strength, and strength is what the centaur understand best.$B$BThe death of the Kolkar leader will not only disrupt that clan, but give pause to the others.","","","","",""
1366,"Centaur Bounty","Now that you scared the centaur clans, it's time to bleed them.  When traveling Desolace, hunt centaur.  I don't care which clan you hunt.  Just gather ears.  A hoard of ears.$B$BBy weakening their numbers you will weaken their resolve, and stamp out any thoughts of expansion.$B$BGood hunting, $N.","Bring 15 Centaur Ears to Felgur Twocuts in Desolace.","By now, the centaur must know your name.  I'm sure they know it, and respect it, and fear it.  And just as they know you, they know the banner under which you ride.$B$BThe banner of the Horde.","","","","",""
1367,"Magram Alliance","To beat the centaur, we must use their hatred against them.  We will ally with one of the clans and through them, we will learn how to defeat all the clans.$B$BIf you choose to ally with the Magram then slay their foes, the Gelkis.  This will earn you respect among the Magram.  When you earn enough, then meet with the Magram spokesman Warug, on the outskirts of the Magram Village, in southeast Desolace.","Gain a Friendly reputation with the Magram, then speak with Warug.","The Gelkis cry when they hear your name, $N. They fear you and they hate you. They hate you like they hate the Magram!$b$bMaybe you are strong like the Magram. We will see...","","","","",""
1368,"Gelkis Alliance","To beat the centaur, we must use their hatred against them.  We will ally with one of the clans and through them, we will learn how to defeat all the clans.$B$BIf you choose to ally with the Gelkis then slay their most hated rival, the Magram.  After you earn the respect of the Gelkis, meet with the Gelkis shaman Uthek the Wise, on the outskirts of the Gelkis Village, in southwest Desolace.","Gain a Friendly reputation with the Gelkis, then speak with Uthek the Wise.","The earth speaks to me.  And it says you have killed many Magram.  This is good.$B$BIf you are a friend of the Gelkis, then listen.  I have more tasks for you.","","","","",""
1369,"Broken Tears","The Gelkis think our centaur mother, Theradras, protects us.  They are stupid.  No one protects the centaur.  The Magram do not need protection!  We are the strongest!$B$BShow the Gelkis they are stupid.  Go to the cave in their village.  They hoard crystals in that cave, the tears of Theradras.  Destroy the tears and bring me the broken pieces!","Maintain your reputation with the Magram, and bring 3 Broken Tears to Warug in the Magram Village.","You got the tears! Now the Gelkis will know that Theradras will not help them. She will not cry when we crush them! The Magram will rule!$B$BYou are smart to help us, $N. We are the strongest.","","Tears Destroyed","","",""
1370,"Stealing Supplies","When we are not at war, we hunt for meat.  Meat gives us strength, and full bellies fight harder than empty ones.$B$BIt is the same with the Magram.  They store extra meat so they may fight longer between hunts.  If you raid their village to the east and take their stores of meat, then their strength will fail.","Bring 6 bags of Crudely Dried Meat to Uthek the Wise in the Gelkis Village.","Good.  I can hear the loud Magram bellies grumble from their village, far away!$B$BI will give this meat to the Gelkis.  And we will fight for many days without rest.$B$BWhat you did is good for the Gelkis, $N.","","","","",""
1371,"Gizmo for Warug","Long ago, a little gnome came to Desolace.  He had horses and a cart, and the cart held strange things.  Funny things.  Things that burned different colors.  Things that moved and weren't alive.  I killed the little gnome, but before that... he made me laugh.$B$BI kept my favorite thing from his cart.  It was a human made of wood and it waved at me until I hit it and broke it.$B$BI want a new one.  Get me a new one!","Maintain your reputation with the Magram, and bring an Advanced Target Dummy to Warug in the Magram Village in Desolace.","Yes, this is what I had! I will make it move again. It makes me laugh!","","","","",""
1372,"Nothing But The Truth","Our expeditionary force was sent at Varimathras's behest to survey lower Azeroth.$b$bWhile out scouting I noticed a human Infiltrator spying on Beggar's Haunt. Before I could apprehend him, some of our orcish... brethren... captured him and took him to Stonard, their stronghold in Swamp of Sorrows.$b$bI want to... help... our orcish allies. They did not see our camp here but nonetheless I want to lend a hand.$b$bWork with Faustin here to develop a... truth serum for our friend in Stonard.","Speak with Apothecary Faustin at Beggar's Haunt.","Zraedus was just telling me about the nosey little Infiltrator before you arrived.$b$bQuite a problem, indeed. The last thing we need is a busybody sniffing around Beggar's Haunt.$b$bI am sure the orcs of Stonard would be quite anxious to hear what our friend has to say. Seeing that they are our allies, ahem, we must help them to get any information they can from the human.$b$bWork with me, $n, and we will deliver a truth serum to Stonard.$b$bFor the Horde!$b$b...did I get that right?","","","","",""
1373,"Ongeku","You have more to prove, and your next task will take you far, so for now the Gelkis will fight the Magram without you.$B$BThe earth whispers many secrets to those who listen.  One secret I hear is of a red crystal.  It is called draenethyst, and it is new to our earth.  It comes from a place where mountains fly, and where demons rule.$B$BBring me a shard of draenethyst, and it will make my magic strong!  The shard is in a place called the Swamp of Sorrows, held by the lost one Ongeku.","Maintain your reputation with the Gelkis, and bring a Draenethyst Shard to Uthek the Wise in the Gelkis Village in Desolace.","Yes, this is the shard of which the earth whispered.  I can feel strong magic in it!  I will use this magic against the enemies of the Gelkis.$B$BYou have done one more task for us, $N.  Maybe soon, we will call you friend.","","","","",""
1374,"Khan Jehn","The earth speaks to me, and it says that the Magram grow weak.  Now it is time to kill their Khan!$B$BBring me the head of the Magram Khan, Jehn!","Bring the Khan Jehn's Head to Uthek the Wise in the Gelkis Village in Desolace.","Khan Jehn was strong, but stupid.  He thought his own strength was great.  He did not see that earth magic is stronger.  The Magram centaur will now fall without their leader, and the Gelkis will one day rule!","","","","",""
1375,"Khan Shaka","You help the Magram, and I like you.  Now, kill the Khan of the Gelkis!  He is Khan Shaka, and I want his head!  I want to stare at his head and laugh at him!","Maintain your reputation with the Magram, and bring the Head of Khan Shaka to Warug in the Magram Village in Desolace.","Khan Shaka is dead!  I will place his head on a pike, and keep it with me so Shaka can see the strength of the Magram!","","","","",""
1380,"Khan Hratha","$N, you helped us against the Magram.  Now, help us beat the Maraudine!  Kill the head of their clan, Khan Hratha!$B$BTo face him, blow the Maraudine War Horn.  It is atop a high bluff in the Valley of Spears.$B$BBut to blow the horn, you must gain a warhorn mouthpiece.  These are rare, carried only by trusted Maraudine centaur.$B$BAfter the horn is blown, centaur will come.  Kill them until Hratha appears.$B$BKhan Hratha holds the piece of... a key.  Bring it to me...","Maintain your reputation with the Gelkis, and bring the Maraudine Key Fragment to Uthek the Wise in the Gelkis Village.","He is dead! Khan Hratha is dead! And now the Maraudine will fall! When the Gelkis rule this land, $N, we will remember you. And the spirits of the earth will sing your name for all time.","","","","",""
1381,"Khan Hratha","The Gelkis Khan is dead, and now the Maraudine will fall!  Kill the Maraudine Khan, Hratha!$B$BTo face him, blow the horn on the high bluff in the Valley of Spears.  But to blow the horn, you need a mouthpiece.  To get a mouthpiece, kill Maraudine centaur.  Keep killing until you find a mouthpiece.  Then blow the horn.$B$BDo this and Maraudine centaur will come to the tower.  Kill them until Khan Hratha appears.  Hratha holds the piece of a key.  Give this piece to me...","Maintain your Magram reputation, and bring the Maraudine Key Fragment to Warug in the Magram Village in Desolace.","Khan Hratha is dead!  Now the Magram are the strongest of the centaur!  We will crush the others, and rule Desolace!$B$BWe will remember, you, $N, and you will be spared our hooves when all others are trampled.","","","","",""
1382,"Strange Alliance","We are fortunate the centaur clans fight among themselves, for if they joined into a single force then they would be unstoppable.  Yes, we are fortunate, and we should press our advantage.$B$BOne of the centaur clans, the Gelkis clan, is in brutal war with the Magram clan.  If we attack the Magram, then perhaps an alliance may be struck with the Gelkis.$B$BSpeak with Uthek the Wise, in the outskirts of the Gelkis camps in southwestern Desolace.  Through her we might strike an alliance with the Gelkis.","Gain a Friendly reputation with the Gelkis, then speak with Uthek the Wise.","Your name is whispered among the Gelkis. You have much Magram blood on your hands. This is good.$B$BMaybe it is also good if we speak. Speak of what you can do for the Gelkis, and what we can do for you.","","","","",""
1383,"Nothing But The Truth","I have just the right serum in mind. It will deal with the truth in precisely the way the truth should be dealt with.$B$BFor this concoction I will need several Shadow Panther hearts from the Swamp. I also require the enchanted fungus off of the Mire Lord who resides there. I am sure one as able as you, $N, can persuade him to part with some.$B$BNow the hard part will be locating a Deepstrider tumor from far-off Desolace. Very rarely the giants there become ill and a tumor forms.$B$BNow, off you go!","Apothecary Faustin at Beggar's Haunt needs 5 Shadow Panther Hearts, Mire Lord Fungus and a Deep Strider Tumor.","Splendid, $n! And just in time too. From what Zraedus tells me, the Infiltrator has recovered from his wounds and is ready to be questioned by the orcs.$b$bGive me but a moment to prepare the pois-- I mean prepare the truth serum.","","","","",""
1384,"Raid on the Kolkar","The Kolkar centaurs think their magic is strong.  They do not know magic!  They would not know magic if it bit them!$B$BYou will show them their magic is weak.  Go to the Kolkar  to the northeast and kill them.  Take their charms.  Bring me the charms and I will throw them in the fire and laugh!","Maintain your reputation with the Gelkis, and bring 10 Crude Charms to Uthek the Wise in the Gelkis Village in Desolace.","You do a good thing for the Gelkis. The Kolkar are weak and will die. Their magic is pathetic and will not save them. You showed them this, and their fear will make them even more feeble!$B$BAnd in our lands, the feeble soon die.","","","","",""
1385,"Brutal Politics","Desolace is a land at war.  The centaurs wage war with each other, and we believe the victor among them will spill out and threaten our strongholds.  That, we cannot allow$B$BWe must learn how to beat the centaurs, and to do that... we must ally with one of the clans.  The Magram centaurs war with the Gelkis.  If you fight the Gelkis then the Magram might consider an alliance.$B$BEarn the favor of the Magrams then speak with Warug, in the Magram village in southeastern Desolace.","Gain a Friendly reputation with the Magram, then speak with Warug.","Many Gelkis fall to you. I like that. Maybe you can do more things I like. Maybe you and the Magram can be friends.","","","","",""
1386,"Assault on the Kolkar","The Kolkar think they are strong, but we laugh at them!  We laugh and we kill them!  You kill them too.  Show me you can kill Kolkar like we do. Head north and slay them all!","Maintain your reputation with the Magram. Kill 12 Kolkar Centaurs, 12 Kolkar Scouts and 6 Kolkar Maulers, then return to Warug in the Magram Village in Desolace.","The Kolkar fear you now! I hope you laughed when you killed them. It is better to laugh when you kill, so the enemy can see he is weak.","","","","",""
1387,"Centaur Bounty","Many clans make up the centaur race.  Each has its own leader and agenda, but all the clans have one thing in common.  Cruelty.$B$BIf we are to ever find peace, then the centaurs must be removed.  And so I put you on the task to do just that.$B$BWhile wandering Desolace, hunt centaur and take their ears.  Bring me many, many ears.$B$BDo this in service of the Alliance, $N, and we will be one step closer to war's end.","Bring 15 Centaur Ears to Corporal Melkins at Nijel's Point in Desolace.","Ah, the ears. Well done.$B$BYour service to the Alliance is unquestioned, $N. The blood you spilled in Desolace will, no doubt, save countless lives.","","","","",""
1388,"Nothing But The Truth","Everything is proceeding according to plan, $n. I want you to give this truth serum to Deathstalker Zraedus and he'll show you how to administer it.... properly.$b$bHaha!","Give Faustin's Truth Serum to Deathstalker Zraedus at Beggar's Haunt.","I knew old Faustin would come up with something good! You were a tremendous help, no doubt.$b$bNow let's get down to business, shall we?","","","","",""
1389,"Draenethyst Crystals","The lost ones who live in the Fallow Sanctuary look as we look, but they are monsters... driven mad by the rigors of our journey to Azeroth.  Once our brethren, they now live in the Fallow Sanctuary to the east, catching or killing any who wander near.$B$BAnd they have stolen something sacred to us--draenethyst crystals.$B$BWe lack the force to enter the Fallow Sanctuary and reclaim our stolen draenethyst from among their huts and campfires, but without those crystals... we too may lose our way.","Bring 6 Draenethyst crystals to Magtoor at The Harborage in the Swamp of Sorrows.","Thank you, $N.  We, are in your debt.","","","","",""
1390,"Oops, We Killed Them Again.","Missing text","Missing text","Thanks for the done work!","","","","",""
1391,"Nothing But The Truth","We need to operate with a certain amount of discretion. After all, it's not like you're going to waltz in there and convince the fool to drink Faustin's concoction here, right?$b$bBut if there's one thing those humans cannot deny it's the booze. I'll take Faustin's serum and mix it into this ale. I guarantee the poor sap will show no reluctance when it comes to chug-a-lugging a brew.$b$bMake haste to Stonard in the Swamp of Sorrows, $n. And keep our little mission nice and quiet...","Take Zraedus's Brew to Infiltrator Marksen in Stonard.","A drink for me? How kind. It's been days since they've allowed me to drink. Let me drink this down and then I'll tell you what I've learned....","","","","",""
1392,"Noboru the Cudgel","Noboru has plagued the Draenei of the Harborage for months, and his cudgel is a symbol of the brutality they have suffered at the hands of the lost ones.","Bring Noboru's Cudgel to the leader of The Harborage in the Swamp of Sorrows.","You have gained the weapon of the dreaded Noboru?  Is he then dead?$B$BThis is a joyous day for the Harborage.  Noboru and his gang were a terror to us, wandering the swamps and killing any Draenei who crossed his path.  He was a direct threat to our survival, and we did not have the strength to face him.$B$BWe are fortunate to have a friend in you, $N.","","","","",""
1393,"Galen's Escape","Please help!  These creatures are going to eat me!$B$BHelp me out of here, and I'll give you a great treasure!  It's in my camp in the swamp north of Stonard, but it's locked in a strongbox that can be opened through a trick that only I know.$B$BIf you help me escape, then I'll teach it to you.","Escort Galen out of danger, then find his camp in the Swamp of Sorrows and open his strongbox.","The keyhole of this strongbox is filled with black resin.  It is impossible to open.$B$BBut Galen told you of a hidden latch on the box's bottom... $B$B...After a quick search the latch is found.  The latch is flipped, and the strongbox opens...","Escort Galen out of the Fallow Sanctuary.","","","",""
1394,"Final Passage","You have done well, $N. You have passed my test, and the tests before mine. Return to Dorn in Thousand Needles. He will sense the change within you, and see that your mind, body and spirit are strong enough that you should be rewarded for your efforts.$B$BStay true to the balance you've shown throughout these trials, $N. Dorn will test you again in the future if you do.","Speak to Dorn Plainstalker in Thousand Needles.","Ah, $N. It has been a long time since you have last stepped into my home. It seems like many moons have passed since you took your first leap that set you upon your path.$b$bAnd now you return to me stronger than you once were... more enlightened. This pleases me. And you should be justly rewarded for seeing my tests to the end.","","","","",""
1395,"Supplies for Nethergarde","This crate of powerstones needs to go to Nethergarde Keep, in the Blasted Lands.  They won't hold their power for long, so we can't ship them with the next caravan.$B$BYou must take them, and you must take them quickly.$B$BBring them to Quartermaster Lungertz in Nethergarde Keep.  To reach the keep, you must travel east through Deadwind Pass, then east through the Swamp of Sorrows, then south through the Blasted Lands.$B$BUse caution, $N.  You will travel through dangerous lands, yet you must not fail.","Bring the Crate of Powerstones to Quartermaster Lungertz, before the powerstones expire.","Ah, the powerstones!  The mages will be happy to see these!$B$BMany thanks, $N.  I know your trip from Darkshire was not an easy one.","","","","",""
1396,"Encroaching Wildlife","My caravan was destined for the eastern coast, but we did not reach our goal.  Lost Ones attacked us, killing guards and dashing supplies.$B$BI alone survived their assault.  I have sworn to protect what supplies remain, but wild creatures skulk near.  Please, help me defend my camp from the beasts!","Kill 8 Young Sawtooth Crocolisks, 10 Sorrow Spinners and 10 Swamp Jaguars then return to Watcher Biggs in the Swamp of Sorrows.","The sounds of animals are now faint, more distant. Thank you, $N. Now let's hope they don't return!","","","","",""
1398,"Driftwood","I owe you greatly, $N.  An honorable heart beats within you.  And now I have another task for which I humbly ask your aid.$B$BIf I'm ever to reach Nethergarde, then I must fix this wagon.  And for that... I will need wood.  Strong, dry wood--not the spongy, tangled wood of the swamp's trees.$B$B$N, go east to the coast and search for driftwood that has been dried by the sun.  Bring it to me.","Bring 8 pieces of Sundried Driftwood to Watcher Biggs in the Swamp of Sorrows.","This wood is light, but tough. Thank you, $N. It will work nicely.","","","","",""
1418,"Neeka Bloodscar","The Badlands is harsh and lies close to the Alliance-held land of Loch Modan, so communication between Stonard and the Badlands outpost of Kargath is often cut.$B$BProve yourself, $N.  Travel to the Badlands and speak with Neeka Bloodscar, head scout of the Kargath outpost.  Speak with her, and then send her report back to me.","Speak with Neeka Bloodscar.","Helgrum wants a report, eh? I sent an outrunner to Stonard not three days past. Did he fail his mission? If Stonard does not have my report, then it appears he did fail.$b$bLet's hope the next runner I send has more skill, or more luck.","","","","",""
1419,"Coyote Thieves","Have you spent many days in the Badlands, $c?  Have you felt its heat? Have you faced the beasts that wander its dusty plains?  It's time you did.$B$BCrag coyotes are a tough breed.  Tough, and bold enough to creep into Kargath and steal from our food supplies.  Help rid the outpost of these thieves!$B$BHunt crag coyotes, $N.  Hunt them and bring me their jawbones.  Bring me enough, and maybe I'll believe it when you say you know the Badlands.","Bring 30 Coyote Jawbones to Neeka Bloodscar in Kargath.","That's a nice collection of jawbones, $N. Now those coyotes won't be tearing through our supplies for scraps.$B$BWell done. The coyotes of the Badlands aren't easy prey. Your deed shows me that you might just survive here.","","","","",""
1420,"Report to Helgrum","I wrote a fresh report for Helgrum in Stonard.  Bring it to him.$B$BAnd if you consider yourself an outrunner, then don't lose your way.  Or fall to an enemy.","Bring Neeka's Report to Helgrum the Swift in Stonard.","Thank you, $N.  From Neeka's report, I see the Alliance is not without its own problems.  And we may find that some enemies are shared between us.","","","","",""
1421,"The Lost Caravan","I was stunned during the attack by the Lost Ones, but before my sight went black I spied one of our wagons being dragged to the Fallow Sanctuary, the lost one village to the north.$B$BA caravan chest with valuable reagents was in that wagon, reagents vital to the studies of the wizards of Nethergarde Keep.  Find the chest and get those reagents, $N.  Get them and bring them to me.","Find the Caravan Chest in the Fallow Sanctuary, obtain the Wizards' Reagents and bring to Watcher Biggs.","Ah, you found them! With these, the wizards in Nethergarde may continue their work. I do not know what it is that they do, but it is linked to the Dark Portal in the Blasted Lands, and is vital to the security of the Alliance.","","","","",""
1422,"Threat From the Sea","While I begin work on your weapon, why don't you talk to Katar? He mentioned needing help with patrols along the beach, and I'd rather see you keep your wits and weapons prepared instead of getting drunk with some of the other louses I share this camp with.","Speak to Katar in the Swamp of Sorrows.","Be silent a moment, $c. Even over the dull roar of the sea you can still hear those disgusting gurgles from the fish men.","","","","",""
1423,"The Lost Supplies","This barrel is small yet sturdy.  Its seams are sealed with a yellow, pungent wax.  Stamped on the bottom of the barrel are the words:$B$BQUARTERMASTER LUNGERTZ$B$BNETHERGARDE KEEP","Bring the Lost Supplies to Quartermaster Lungertz.","Ah, thank you $N! So many supplies are lost from Darkshire to here. It's good to see that some are recovered.","","","","",""
1424,"Pool of Tears","The Warchief sent us to investigate strange happenings at The Temple of Atal'Hakkar.$b$bThe Atal'ai trolls are a tribe of dark casters, known for practicing forbidden magic. You can imagine how astonished we were when we arrived here to discover the temple had been sunk.$b$bThe green dragons now guard the site, claiming to be protectors of Azeroth.$b$bWe need to discover what happened. Explore around the Pool of Tears and gather Atal'ai artifacts. From those I can begin to piece together this puzzle.","Fel'zerul in Stonard wants you to gather 10 Atal'ai Artifacts.","Your diligence in collecting the Atal'ai artifacts is worthy of praise, $c.","","","","",""
1425,"Deliver the Shipment","While I fix this wagon, $N, I have one last task for you.$B$BI have packed the most vital supplies saved from the ogre attacks.  Take them to Nethergarde Keep.  The keep is nestled in the northern hills of the Blasted Lands, keeping watch over the Dark Portal.$B$BTo reach Nethergard, follow the road east.  When it branches head south into the Blasted Lands, then turn left at the next fork.  Follow the road, $N, and be wary.","Bring the Shipment to Nethergarde to Quartermaster Lungertz in Nethergarde Keep.","What? A package from Biggs' caravan? We thought it, and he, were lost.$B$BThank you, $N. With luck, these supplies will carry the much needed reagent, Azoran Crystals. Our stock is running low...","","","","",""
1426,"Threat From the Sea","I have no love for the sea, nor any creature I've seen come from its depths. It is a powerful but blind mistress; callous and brutal. It would bring me great pleasure to slay the fish men by the hundreds if it were within my power. But I garner some pleasure from watching their deaths at the hands of any who do the Horde's will.$B$BWhich brings us to you, $c. How many can you slay? Would you test yourself against their most powerful kind?","Kill 10 Marsh Murlocs, 10 Marsh Inkspewer, and 10 Marsh Flesheater, then return to Katar in the Swamp of Sorrows.","The sea seems vast and relentless, but you have stained her with the blood of her own spawn. The fish men know pain. Their stupidity will force them to refortify their ranks from the devastation you've caused, and that is good.$B$BLet their gurgling screams overshadow the sea's roar long into the night. I shall smile every time I hear one of them silenced.$B$BReturn to me if you wish to slay more of the fish men. I will gladly reward you again.","","","","",""
1427,"Threat From the Sea","Before you take rest, speak to Tok'Kar again. While you were gone I believe he finished a few weapons. For your help here, he would offer one of them to you. You would do well to test its strength against the fish men when you are ready... but only to please me further.","Speak with Tok'Kar in the Swamp of Sorrows.","Ah, $N, you've returned. Good. I've finished crafting more weapons for our fight against the murlocs. For bringing us the fresh sawtooth meat, and for bringing a small smile to Katar's face, I offer one of them to you.","","","","",""
1428,"Continued Threat","It pleases me to see your hatred for the fish men grows with mine.$B$BFind more of their kind along the beach, and when you've had your fill of combat, return to me. We shall speak then of a reward for your diligence.","Kill 10 Marsh Inkspewers, 10 Marsh Flesheaters, and 10 Marsh Oracles, then return to Katar in the Swamp of Sorrows.","Well done, $c. I call for more of their blood. Let all the fish men perish. ","","","","",""
1429,"The Atal'ai Exile","While you were braving the dangers of the Pool of Tears, one of my scouts returned with a scroll written in blood on dried flesh. It seems to be a judicial sentence against a priest of the Atal'ai tribe.$b$bThis priest was sentenced to a fate worse than death amongst the Atal'ai.$b$bHe was exiled to live far north in the Hinterlands, with the Witherbark trolls.$b$bI will bundle these artifacts. You are to seek out the exile and discover their true use. Return to me once your journey is complete.","Bring the Bundle of Atal'ai Artifacts to the Atal'ai Exile in the Hinterlands.","You bring me the summoning artifacts of the Atal'ai?$b$bI see Jammal'an the Prophet is leading the disciples of the Chamber of Blood towards their chosen fate. Has Hakkar returned to the Temple I wonder? Has their fate been met?","","","","",""
1430,"Fresh Meat","There's a high demand for the succulent taste of crawler meat among my customers; especially the meat from the monstrous crawlers.$B$BIf you plan on heading to the coast, then I could easily make it worth your while to bring me back some of their legs to have transported back to Orgrimmar.$B$BThe coast is to the east from here, and you should have no problem finding the creatures scurrying along the beaches and under the sea.","Bring 10 Monstrous Crawler Legs to Dar in the Swamp of Sorrows.","Ah, this should be perfect. I can't wait to taste these after they are prepared perfectly over an open fire. You should take a sample of it with you on your travels. It truly is delicious.","","","","",""
1431,"Alliance Relations","Be still, $c, and allow me to share with you something important to our people, but far from obvious.$B$BWe are a proud race, and the war with the humans tried even Thrall's great patience. You see, our Warchief is wise and prudent, and he continues to put his people first. Ultimately, he is a diplomat, and in his time with the humans he learned much of their ways.$B$BIf the tale I've started piques your interest, then find Keldran near the western exit of the city. His hovel is there.","Speak to Keldran in Orgrimmar.","Putanni, noble $c. I am Keldran, student of magic... and other mystical arts.$B$BThe business Craven sent you here to speak to me about requires a touch more subtlety than you've previously needed, but that does not mean you can not still aid our cause.$B$BPlease, make yourself comfortable, and I shall tell you why the Warchief has need of my aid... and yours.$B$BIt starts with appearances, $N. How the Horde sees itself. How our allies see us. And most importantly, how our enemies see us.","","","","",""
1432,"Alliance Relations","As the Alliance progresses deeper and deeper into Kalimdor, incorrect conclusions may be drawn about the Horde making pacts with the Burning Legion. The Warchief cannot allow that to happen. And with his blessing, I am taking control of overseeing them removed.$B$BI have agents in the area of Desolace at the Ghost Walker Post north of the great Kodo Graveyard. Head south of the Charred Vale in the Stonetalon Mountains and you shall come across it. When you arrive, seek out Takata Steelblade.","Speak to Takata Steelblade in Desolace.","Greetings, $c. You bring news from Orgrimmar; that is good.$B$BThe demon infestation overwhelms this area even more than the smell of centaur dung. The horse-men claim this land as their own, but clearly there are influences out of their control that will crush them if not kept in check.$B$BIt does not please me that we aid the centaur indirectly, but it is for the good of the Horde, so I do my duty for the Warchief, even if it means helping the warlocks within the Horde.","","","","",""
1433,"Alliance Relations","The Burning Blade have many agendas, but know that they are evil to their core, their spirits corrupted, and their destruction is the only way to thwart their objectives.$B$BKeldran sent Maurin with me because of his knowledge of the Blade and their warlock ways.$B$BHe has control of our plots against the Blade while I deal with the other demonic threats here in Desolace.$B$BSpeak to him, and he will guide you in his designs.","Speak to Maurin Bonesplitter in Desolace.","Ah, yes. Aid from those loyal to the Warchief is always appreciated.$B$BMy name is Maurin. I am here at the behest of Keldran and the Warchief cub Thrall. It is my desire to aid the youngling leader against the evils that threaten his rule.$B$BCome, come closer, $c. I shall explain to you my plan for removing the festering boil that is the Burning Blade.","","","","",""
1434,"Befouled by Satyr","A demon infestation does not occur without other influences--something else allows evil to gain a foothold.$B$BIt may start with a weakened spirit, a needless desire for power; perhaps it's a thirst for revenge, or the appeal for final justice. When we are beset by pain, evil takes advantage of us--evil such as the satyr.$B$BTies have been made between them and the Burning Blade, and Thrall would have them slain. Seek them out to the northeast of here, and return to me when you've driven them back.","Slay 7 Hatefury Rogues, 7 Hatefury Felsworn, 7 Hatefury Betrayers, and 7 Hatefury Hellcallers, and return to Takata Steelblade in Desolace.","You have done well, $c. You have shown honor and dedication.$B$BWhen our campaign in Desolace is done, the Warchief will know that you aided us in our actions here, and that you helped make his will manifest.$B$BI thank you.","","","","",""
1435,"The Burning of Spirits","Death is most desirable for those despicable creatures that turn their back on their liege for such selfish reasons. But death is not enough when dealing with those that have given themselves over to the darkness.$B$BTake this gem. When one of the Burning Blade's near death, activate its magic. The spell shall pull the corrupted spirit out of its victim, leaving an infused gem behind.$B$BBring me these infused gems so I may dispose of them properly.$B$BGo now, and may you elude death.","Return the Burning Gem and 15 Infused Burning Gems to Maurin Bonesplitter in Desolace.","Ah, you've returned successful. That is good. Give me the gems and I shall put them someplace safe....$B$BMy tasks for you are complete, $c. Speak to Takata when you are rested. He may have other tasks for you, or perhaps needs you to return to Orgrimmar to inform Keldran of our progress here in Desolace.","","","","",""
1436,"Alliance Relations","The fight goes well, $N. Perhaps the Warchief will allow us to return to our homes before the seasons change if we continue to make such great strides in our battle against the demons and their underlings.$B$BReturn to Keldran and let him know what we have done. I am sure he will reward you for your efforts here. His cause is important to him, and he will take pride in knowing that the Warchief respects his concerns.","Speak to Keldran in Orgrimmar.","You have returned from Desolace more than successful, $N. Thank you.$B$BThank you for your efforts, your time, and your understanding to my plea. Thrall understands and desires peace between the Horde and Alliance, and by taking measures to insure our appearance is acceptable, we will not provoke any further threats of unnecessary violence.$B$BI am indebted to you.","","","","",""
1437,"Vahlarriel's Search","I am Vahlarriel, $N. I've come here to discover the whereabouts of two missing nobles of a Darnassian merchant family--House Malem. The father of the house fears the worst, and I am to do everything I can to find his missing children. I have yet to start my search for Tyranis or Dalinda, but I am hopeful I shall not be here long.$B$BLast word tells of them passing through the Stonetalon Mountains a few weeks ago.$B$BIf you find their wagon, please, come find me immediately.","Find and search Tyranis and Dalinda Malem's wagon in Desolace.","As you rummage around the remains of the wagon, it becomes obvious that it was attacked by both spells and weapons. The battle seemed one-sided and quick; there's no blood to be found, and no remains of any bodies.$B$BWhoever attacked the wagon was efficient and swift.","","","","",""
1438,"Vahlarriel's Search","Find both Dalinda and Tyranis if you can and come back to me with your findings. Start your search at this fortress. I will contact my superiors in Darnassus immediately and let them know the situation.$B$B$N, there is something else I wish to impress upon you. My superiors have shown some concern over Tyranis' and his motives for coming here. It is more important to them that Dalinda is found and brought back safely. Tyranis is to be... gauged before he is taken home.","Find Dalinda Malem in Desolace.","Thank Elune someone has finally come to help. Please, $C, I need your help. My brother Tyranis and I were captured and brought here by the Burning Blade. I think they mean to sacrifice me to their demon masters!$B$BI knew coming to Desolace was a mistake, but Tyranis has recently begun craving knowledge of all things arcane--even against the wishes of our people. He decided to make this trek even after hearing tales of this land's demon infestation.$B$BI fear the worst for him.","","","","",""
1439,"Search for Tyranis","We were brought here after the orcs slaughtered all our guards and servants. Oh, the terrible things they did to them! I thought surely they would kill us right there and then, but it became obvious they had other plans.$B$BTyranis attempted to speak to them. I think he wanted to impress them with his knowledge of the arcane... I'm not sure why.$B$BPlease, I can't leave here until I know what's happened to my brother. Find him, then come back for me when his fate is known.","Find Tyranis Malem in Desolace.","This is terrible! But I suppose it was necessary. If it wasn't by your hand, it would have surely been by that of my people's. I suppose I should thank you--please forgive me if it doesn't seem sincere. I mean no offense.$B$BWith the knowledge of my brother's fate in hand, it seems the time for my escape has come. If you are still willing, I will accept your aid in escaping this horrible place.$B$BWhen you are ready, we can make our way to safety.","","","","",""
1440,"Return to Vahlarriel","So, the time is now then? I appreciate your efforts, and if the situation does not lend itself, then allow me to thank you now for everything you've done for me and my family. If you're ready, then there is nothing else for me here--we can leave when you feel the time is right.","Escort Dalinda Malem from Thunder Axe Fortress and then return to Vahlarriel Demonslayer in Desolace.","Thank you, $N. Dalinda made it safely back here to Nijel's Point, and in much better condition than I could have asked for. The fact that she arrived here under her own power was a good sign. I hope you're well?$B$BIt pains me to know that both Tyranis and Dalinda didn't return, but the embarrassment of Tyranis' decisions is hers to endure. It is something she will have to deal with when she returns to Darnassus.","Rescue Dalinda Malem","","","",""
1442,"Seeking the Kor Gem","Greetings, $N. What can I do for one who follows a holy path?$B$BAh, yes, Stilwell, the blacksmith... from long ago. I remember him well, though, I have not heard his name in some time.$B$BHe never struck me as an impudent man, so I can only assume his desire for a Kor gem is noble.$B$BIf you truly wish for one of the gems, then you must head to the northwest of Ashenvale. You will find Blackfathom Deeps there within some ancient ruins. The naga who still use the gems are down below. Do not go alone, $c.","Bring a Kor Gem to Thundris Windweaver in Darkshore.","This is indeed the gem Stilwell desires, but before I can allow you to bring it to him, it must be purified of corruption--the naga wenches imbue the gems with power, that much is true, but of their own, evil kind.$B$BLet Stilwell know that its power is intact, and it should work well for whatever ritual he wishes it to be part of.$B$BI hope you know what you're doing, $C, this is no simple item you possess.","","","","",""
1444,"Return to Fel'Zerul","Jammal'an the Prophet sentenced me to exile from The Temple of Atal'Hakkar. I once felt the high priest was a worthy leader.$b$bHis unyielding faith in his prophecy will bring about the destruction of the Atal'ai. If it hasn't already.$b$bWhen I expressed my concerns, I was labeled an infidel and ousted from the temple.$b$bThose artifacts you brought to me are harmless. But if Jammal'an has found the proper fetish enchantment for the summoning ritual, the world lies in great peril....","Return to Fel'Zerul in Stonard.","It has been quite some time since we spoke, $c. I hope your journey was successful.$b$bWhat knowledge did you gain from the exiled Atal'ai in the Hinterlands?","","","","",""
1445,"The Temple of Atal'Hakkar","So he spoke of Jammal'an's prophecy?$b$bThe Atal'ai spiritual leader believes once Hakkar returns to Azeroth from the Nether, the god will grant the Atal'ai tribe immortality.$b$bFoolish trickery to bring about a premature doomsday if you ask me.$b$bBut you say the exile spoke of enchanted fetishes? This concerns me greatly. If these are in fact the key to the Atal'ai ritual which caused this mess, we must understand their intrinsic powers.$b$bVenture into the Temple, and seize the fetishes!","Collect 20 Fetishes of Hakkar and bring them to Fel'Zerul in Stonard.","Brave $C, you have proven yourself to be a great champion of the Horde.$b$bNow this collection of fetishes of Hakkar must be dealt with at once!","","","","",""
1446,"Jammal'an the Prophet","My Witherbark companions don't take kindly to strangers around their home.$b$bMe? I don't have a home anymore. I was exiled from my people, the great Atal'ai tribe of the Swamp of Sorrows.$b$bOur spiritual leader, Jammal'an, had what he called a prophecy. He believes the summoning of the god, Hakkar will bring the Atal'ai immortality.$b$bBut I urged caution. What if the prophecy was nothing more than manipulation?$b$bI want revenge for my exile. Bring me Jammal'an's head. Maybe then my people will be free.","The Atal'ai Exile in The Hinterlands wants the Head of Jammal'an.","Jammal'an's reckless trust of false visions led my people to their eternal doom.$b$bI thank you, $c, for avenging my exile. I mourn for my people. I have no home to return to.","","","","",""
1447,"The Missing Diplomat"," Yeah, you're obviously not the smartest $c to come into Stormwind, but you're about to be one of the dumbest to never leave.$B$BHave you met me friends?","Defeat Dashel Stonefist in Stormwind.","So, you came to me for a reason. What is it you need?","Defeat Dashel Stonefist","","","",""
1448,"In Search of The Temple","There was a time when I was young and full of vigor like you, $c.$b$bBut now I'm old and unable to explore the world like I once did. Ah, the things I saw!$b$bBut there was one mystery that eluded me. For my final quest, the Explorers' League sent me in search of The Temple of Atal'Hakkar. It was rumored to be located in the Swamp of Sorrows.$b$bBecause of my frail state, I traveled the skies by gryphon in search of it but never found it.$b$bHelp an old dwarf out? Perhaps you will have better luck on foot.","Brohann Caskbelly in Stormwind wants you to search for the Temple of Atal'Hakkar.","The Temple of Atal'Hakkar has been sunk beneath the Pool of Tears? And surrounded by the green dragonflight?$b$bAn amazing discovery, $c. But obviously something has gone terribly wrong.","Search for the Temple of Atal'Hakkar","","","",""
1449,"To The Hinterlands","As I mentioned earlier, I attempted to scout the temple on my own from the air. Well, I wasn't exactly alone.$b$bI traveled to the renowned gryphon aviary at Aerie Peak in The Hinterlands. There I enlisted the aid of one of their finest pilots. The pilot fell off his mount, down into the swamp...$b$bIn my old age the poor fellow's name eludes me. The master of the aviary would remember, no doubt.$b$bJourney there and seek out Falstad Wildhammer.$b$bWe need to find out what happened to that pilot.","Speak with High Thane Falstad Wildhammer at Aerie Peak in the Hinterlands.","What do you want, $g laddy:missy;? Can't you see I've got problems to take care of here? Who has time to stand around yapping with some $r chatterbox?$b$bThere are trolls coming out of the woodwork! Make it snappy.","","","","",""
1450,"Gryphon Master Talonaxe","So you're a glorified errand $g boy:girl; for some old Explorers' League geezer, eh?$b$bWell you listen to me, $c. I don't know who your old buddy was flying around with down in Azeroth. Do I look like Gryphon Master Talonaxe to you? Do I?$b$bIf you're so interested in the flight assignments why don't you ask the gryphon master? If I catch you idling around here for much longer, I'm going to put you to some real work.$b$bNow get a move on.","Speak with Gryphon Master Talonaxe inside the Aerie Peak Aviary.","Ah, yes. Of course I remember sending one of my gryphon riders to lend a hand to Brohann Caskbelly.$b$bAlways had a soft spot in my heart for the Explorers' League. My father helped with the initial excavation team that discovered Uldaman as a matter of fact.$b$bI sent who I thought was my best gryphon rider at the time with Brohann. He was a chap by the name of Rhapsody Shindigger.$b$bAnd what a gryphon jockey he was! Well until...","","","","",""
1451,"Rhapsody Shindigger","Rhapsody took quite a liking to the booze. Now don't get me wrong -- all of us dwarves up here at the aviary love a good ale when the time is right.$b$bBut ol' Shindigger took to the liquor like a gryphon takes to the skies. And a damned shame it was, too. No one could fly like Rhapsody.$b$bFirst sign of trouble was when he came stumbling back from that mission with your buddy, Brohann. All went down hill quickly after that. Had to let him go.$b$bLast I heard, he's set up a brew camp to the east of here...","Seek out Rhapsody Shindigger in The Hinterlands.","Hiccup!$b$bI'm a-lookin' right at you but you keep bobbing up and down. Makin' me dizzy. Hoho!$b$bHiccup!$b$bWhoa! Did ya feel that? Ground is a-shakin', my friend. I need a drink.$b$bHiccup!","","","","",""
1452,"Rhapsody's Kalimdor Kocktail","Hiccup!$b$bSo that crazy fool Brohann sent ya? My we had quite an adventure...Hiccup!$b$bIf ya want me to tell ya what happened down in the swamp, I'm gonna need me something stiff to drink. It wasn't a pretty scene, ya see. Hiccup!$b$bTell ya what... bring me what I need to whip up a Kalimdor Kocktail and I'll tell ya all about it.$b$bGonna need some Roc gizzards from Tanaris... and let's see... some Groddoc and Ironfur livers from Feralas...$b$bA nice stiff Kalimdor Kocktail... that'll get me talking!","Rhapsody Shindigger in The Hinterlands wants you to bring him 3 Roc Gizzards, 3 Groddoc Livers and 3 Ironfur Livers.","I see ya had no trouble at all getting me what I need! Musta been quite a stint you had over there in far-off Kalimdor.$b$bIt won't take but a moment for me to extract what I need from these gizzards and livers. Hiccup!$b$bThen I can distill me a fierce ol' drink and finally tell ya what ya wanna know.$b$bHiccup!$b$bGetting shivers just thinking about that ol' swamp.$b$bHiccup!$b$bLemme whip up a drink real fast.","","","","",""
1453,"Reclaimers' Business in Desolace","There's work to be done in Desolace, $N. It's an atrocious place, befouled by centaur and other nasties. But if you're looking for a good week's honest work, then head there, meet with Kreldig Ungor, and tell him I sentcha.$B$BYou can find him holed up at Nijel's Point--it's a little cozy camp hidden in the mountains of northern Desolace. Just head east if you enter from the Stonetalon Mountains. It's easy to miss, so be on the lookout.","Speak to Kreldig Ungor in Desolace.","Glad to see the Reclaimers aren't in short supply of work, or adventurers willing to help out.$B$BI'm Kreldig, $N. You've made a smart move helpin' out the Reclaimers. Everyone needs something these days: they've lost a family heirloom, a magic item, a loved one. You never can tell. But with the Reclaimers around, there's no reason, for the right price, everyone can't find what they've lost.","","","","",""
1454,"The Karnitol Shipwreck","My first order of business is for the mage Karnitol--a noble of some sort in Stormwind. Seems his ship was attacked by sea giants while off the coast in the northwest of Desolace. He and his servants tried to bring one of his more valuable chests ashore, but when the sea giants attacked in droves, he chose to abandon it and teleport himself and his servants to safety.$B$BHe wants us to find the chest and its contents, and return it to him in Stormwind.","Find Karnitol's Chest in Desolace.","You notice the chest does not seem to have any water damage.$B$BThe second thing you notice is that the top has been forced open, and whatever magical traps were set to safeguard it have long been triggered--this much is obvious from the burn marks around its edges.","","","","",""
1455,"The Karnitol Shipwreck","You take a few moments to figure out what pried the chest open, and you notice along the sides and top of the chest, long, deep scratches that reveal that something other than a man or giant took interest in it. The marks don't appear as if they were caused by dagger or sword.$B$BAfter going through the chest you find it to be completely empty.$B$BNot having another course of action, you close the chest and prepare to leave. Kreldig will be disappointed.","Return to Kreldig Ungor in Desolace.","Welcome back to Nijel's Point, $N. So, tell me what you found.$B$BWhat!? Nothing? An empty chest ain't gonna get us paid, I'm afraid.$B$BTell me more about these marks you saw... these slashes.","","","","",""
1456,"The Karnitol Shipwreck","Intriguing.$B$BWell, we might not be without hope quite yet.$B$BAlong that same coast, but to the north near Ranazjar Isle, there're night elf ruins at the bottom of the ocean. A tribe of naga, the Slitherblade, make that their home. I think that'd be our best bet.$B$BIf a scouting party went that far south, then they must've been pretty powerful. If you're gonna find Karnitol's belongings, I'd start with the more powerful naga: the tidehunters or sea witches.","Find Karnitol's Satchel and return it to Kreldig Ungor in Desolace.","This is great, $N! You found Karnitol's belongings!$B$BThose blasted naga, always causing trouble. I think I'd rather spend my life at war with the Horde than have to go against their kind. You've done a great service to the Reclaimers.","","","","",""
1457,"The Karnitol Shipwreck","Take Karnitol's things back to Roetten in Ironforge and he'll pay you for a job well done.$B$BHaha, if you're not careful, he's gonna be so pleased with ya that he'll ask you to join us full time.$B$BAgain, great job, $N.$B$BBe careful on your way back, and don't take too much time--Karnitol's not the most of patient of men, but he's very generous nonetheless.","Bring Karnitol's Satchel to Roetten Stonehammer in Ironforge.","Ah, the Karnitol business in Desolace. Excellent!$B$BSo, the chest was destroyed, but the items are all here, huh? Well, I'll let him be the judge of that. One good part about this business I got going on here is that if they're not satisfied, I can tell 'em to shove it! They're relyin' on us to find their stuff... not make sure it's all pretty and in good shape when they get it back.$B$BGood work, $N. Let's see about gettin' you paid.","","","","",""
1458,"Reagents for Reclaimers Inc.","One of my tasks out here involves picking up some reagents for Leftwitch, a gnome mage in Kharanos . Roetten seems to think it's easy coin in the bank since we're out here already. He doesn't really care that we're short-handed as is.$B$BThe first few items on his list should be easy enough to get, and it'd be a good chunk of coin for anyone helping me out.$B$BI need some horns and claws from the Hatefury satyr to the east of here. Bring 'em back to me and we'll get started on the rest of the list.","Bring 10 Hatefury Claws, and 10 Hatefury Horns to Kreldig Ungor in Desolace.","Good good, $N. Not sure if these are of any good quality, but if Leftwitch wanted a specific type, he should have specified before sending the Reclaimers out here to begin with.$B$BWhat say you to getting on with the next item on his list?","","","","",""
1459,"Reagents for Reclaimers Inc.","Next on Leftwitch's list is... let's see... hmm. Oh, here it is.$B$BSimple enough, but pretty explicit in his directions. He needs venom from the scorpashi, and hide from some kodo. The fine print says both are from specific creatures: the venom's got to come from any of the scorpashi, and the hide's got to come from an aged kodo, not the dying or ancient ones.$B$BMages, I tell ya, some of the stuff they want... it's just weird.","Bring 10 vials of Scorpashi Venom and 3 Aged Kodo Hides to Kreldig Ungor in Desolace.","Your help here's a boon, $N. You're cutting my time spent here in Desolace by half at least. I'll be back in Ironforge warming my feet in no time with your help.$B$BWhen we get this list taken care of, and I'm back home, look me up, I'll buy you an ale for sure.$B$BBut until then, let's get the rest of these reagents gathered.","","","","",""
1462,"Earth Sapta","",\N,"I give you one in good faith. You already proved yourself once, but me thinkin' you should be more careful in the future.","","","","",""
1463,"Earth Sapta","",\N,"I give you one in good faith. You already proved yourself once, but me thinkin' you should be more careful in the future.","","","","",""
1464,"Fire Sapta","","Speak to Telf Joolam for another Fire Sapta.","May fire burn within your heart, $N.$B$BThe elements await you.","","","","",""
1465,"Vahlarriel's Search","As you continue your search of the wagon you find not only a pendant, but also footprints leading off towards the south. In the distance you can see smoke rising from a large fort. The smoke is from a kept fire, not the burning of buildings, and your instincts tell you that the Malems, if still alive, were taken that direction.$B$BYou think Vahlarriel at Nijel's Point should not only see the pendant you've found, but also know about the signs of life to the south.","Return the Malem Pendant to Vahlarriel Demonslayer in Desolace.","Infuriating! This entire fiasco!$B$BThe two of them were warned about how dangerous coming here would be. Now they're both missing... or worse.$B$BYou said you saw tracks heading to a fort nearby? That may be our best bet.$B$BFrom what the locals have said, that fortress is infested with members of the Burning Blade--orcs who have dedicated themselves to demon causes. They may not represent the majority of the Horde's beliefs, but they are evil and will slay you on sight if you're caught spying.","","","","",""
1466,"Reagents for Reclaimers Inc.","This is the last of the items, and I won't lie, it ain't pretty. I'm also expecting this to take you a little bit longer than the other items.$B$BSo, enough with the warning, let's get this started. Leftwitch says he needs: ten brains from either mana eaters, mage hunters, or ley hunters. Ten nether wings from a nether maiden, sister or sorceress. And... ten vials of doomwarder blood from a doomwarder captain, or lord.$B$BSimple enough, huh? Sheesh... if you wanna pass on this one, I'd understand.","Bring 10 Felhound Brains, 10 Nether Wings, and 10 vials of Doomwarder Blood to Kreldig Ungor in Desolace.","Honestly? I wouldn't have thought it. You're amazing, $N. Taking on demons for a mage's experiments, and coming back in one piece to boot. Great job!$B$BI'm personally gonna tell Roetten about you when I get back to Ironforge.","","","","",""
1467,"Reagents for Reclaimers Inc.","To get paid, you're gonna have to get back to Ironforge and speak to Roetten himself. He'll love getting Leftwitch's package out of the way anyway. Just give him this and it should be enough to get your booty.$B$BAnd don't worry, I'm still going to put in a good word for you when I get back. I shouldn't be in Desolace much longer.","Bring Leftwitch's Package back to Roetten Stonehammer in Ironforge.","Ah, the package for Leftwitch from Desolace. Excellent. I 'preciate the work, and your timeliness, $C. Glad to have you aboard for at least this small bit of work.$B$BI got your payment right here. Let it be known that Reclaimers Inc. always pays well for a hard week's work.","","","","",""
1469,"Rhapsody's Tale","Before the flight, I drank me a whole keg of stout. Hiccup!$b$bAnd what a flight it was. Zipping around with Brohann following me. Didn't see no temple though. Hiccup!$b$bWell, didn't see no temple till I got a little too tipsy and fell off my mount. I plunged right into the water and was sucked down. Found myself surrounded by a bunch of creepy trolls. Sure swam out of there fast! Even made off with this troll souvenir. Here, take it to Brohann and let him know his temple is down there, indeed. Hiccup!","Bring the Atal'ai Tablet Fragment to Brohann Caskbelly in Stormwind.","Rhapsody Shindigger! That's right... how could I forget such a name?$b$bSo he knew about the sinking of the temple all along? Well, that certainly would have saved you some leg work.$b$bBut this Atal'ai artifact! Why, it's quite a find!","","","","",""
1470,"Piercing the Veil","Greetings, child. I can see that you are still young in the ways of the warlock, power still eluding your grasp. I can sense your eagerness to learn.$b$bAnd you will learn.$b$bThere is no strength in ignorance. Knowledge is our greatest power. Through its application, we can control the chaotic magics and beings of the void, bending them to our will.$b$bI will show you how to bind a servant to your will, but first you must bring me three skulls of the rattlecage skeletons near the abandoned smithy.","Bring Venya Marthand 3 Rattlecage Skulls.","Though you are still untested and young in your learning, you have proven that you possess sufficient ability to master the summoning and binding of an imp. Do not be deceived by an imp's size. Though it lacks physical strength, it possesses powers and a cleverness that will serve you well.$b$bAttend me carefully, $N, for I will not repeat this lesson, and I will leave its mastery to you.","","","","",""
1471,"The Binding","Surely you have seen the circle of summoning below us? Only there will you be able to draw forth an unbound voidwalker.$B$BUsing these runes, you will be able to draw it forth, and then you must dominate it through strength of arms and magic.$B$BWhen it is subdued, it will be indentured to you. Come to me then, and I will elucidate the spell of summoning, so that it may serve you to whatever end you wish.","Using the Runes of Summoning, summon and subdue a voidwalker, then return the Runes of Summoning to Carendin Halgar in the Magic Quarter of the Undercity.","You have done well, $N. Now, I will impart to you the spell used for summoning the voidwalker.$B$BThe power that it unleashed upon you is now yours to command. Use it wisely.","","","","",""
1472,"Devourer of Souls","A succubus is a devourer of souls, destroyer of hearts, tempter of men. A creature of profound evil and of singular mind.$b$bIt cannot be brought into our world without a stimulus.$b$bThus we use its own strength against it. With the hearts of good men, pure men, loving men, the succubus will be unable to resist, and will cross into our world. Then you can dominate it, and make it your own.$b$bSpeak with my assistant, Godrick Farsan, within the Temple. He will help you find your bait.","Speak with Godrick Farsan in the Temple of the Damned.","You were sent by Carendin? Sithel, then.$b$bDo not think light of me because my sight is gone. I see things that lie behind now, with clarity I had never known. What I once thought a curse, is now a boon.","","","","",""
1473,"Creature of the Void","It seems the consensus that you are ready to learn to summon a voidwalker.$b$bA being created of the chaos that lies beyond, if you summon one but cannot control it, you will be torn asunder.$b$bThe first voidwalker was summoned by Egalin, and in his grimoire is the process explained.$b$bUnfortunately, it was stolen from us by an agent of the Scarlet Crusade who has it secreted away in his base at a tower to the west. Bring it to me, and I will impart the knowledge to you.","Recover Egalin's Grimoire and bring it to Carendin Halgar in the Temple of the Damned.","Ah, this is excellent. Like as not, Perrine was ignorant to the true power of the musty book he had stolen from us.$B$BIt will not fall out of our hands again. Observe, $N, the structure of the spell, the manner in which your power must be channeled.","","","","",""
1474,"The Binding","Using these hearts, cast a spell at the summoning circle to open a doorway for the succubus to come through. Your powers are greater now, and you will need all of them to defeat the succubus. $b$bBeware its charms, $n, many a strong mind has been bound to its will. When overcome, the succubus will be returned to the void, and I will teach you the spell to summon it forth at your command.","Using the Pure Hearts, summon and subdue a succubus, then return the Pure Hearts to Carendin Halgar in the Magic Quarter of the Undercity.","Again, you have done well, $N. It has been quite some time since I have seen a young $c with as much potential as you. Be assured that I will continue to watch your progress, and prepare and assist you in your future trials.$B$BFor now, let me show you the summoning spell for your newly dominated succubus.","","","","",""
1475,"Into The Temple of Atal'Hakkar","According to legend, The Temple of Atal'Hakkar is a holy shrine dedicated to the ancient god, Hakkar the Soulflayer. Maintained by a vicious tribe of trolls named the Atal'ai, the temple is rumored to be impenetrable.$b$bNow sunk beneath the Pool of Tears, retrieving artifacts from the temple is even more difficult. But that's what I need you to do, $n.$b$bAid me by gathering the intact Atal'ai Tablets. Bring them to me and I will return to the Explorers' Guild a hero. Together we will share the glory.","Gather 10 Atal'ai Tablets for Brohann Caskbelly in Stormwind.","The Atal'ai Tablets! Thank you, $n!$b$bOnce I deliver these to the Explorers' League our names shall go down in history together. You have helped an old dwarf fulfill his final obligation in life. For that I am eternally grateful.","","","","",""
1476,"Hearts of the Pure","Men of honor and goodness? Does such a man exist?$b$bIt took much research, but through bits of overheard stories, I managed to find two men that should do.$b$bThe first is Dalin Forgewright, who has dedicated himself to the care of the Lordaeron refugees, whom are refused by their kin at the Greymane Wall.$b$bThe other is Comar Villard, a man who remains faithful to his lost love, wandering the Wetlands for a sign of his wife.$b$bDeliver their hearts to Carendin. But first, let me show you your quarry.","Bring the hearts of Dalin Forgewright and Comar Villard to Carendin Halgar in the Temple of the Damned.","The heart of a goodly man seems much the same as any, when you see it like this, don't you think?$B$BPerhaps we possess something of a... different... view on the subject. These will do, though. I have no doubt that a succubus would be attracted by their purity.","","","","",""
1477,"Vital Supplies","Our mages are conducting research at Nethergarde Keep in the Blasted Lands, research vital to our understanding of the Dark Portals. They require nearly constant supplies, but our supply line to Nethergarde is tenuous.$B$BYou must help ensure the supplies make it to Nethergard.  Report to Watchmaster Sorigal in Darkshire, and do as he asks.  This task will take you into hostile lands, $N.  Prepare yourself.","Speak with Watchmaster Sorigal.","Andromath sent you? Very good. I have an important task for you...","","","","",""
1478,"Halgar's Summons","Ah, $n! I just received word from Carendin Halgar that he would like to see you for further training.$b$bYou should be proud of yourself, $n. It's not every day that Master Halgar personally sees fit to instruct a young warlock.$b$bYou'll be able to find him in the Magic Quarter of the Undercity, near the Temple of the Damned.","Speak with Carendin Halgar in the Undercity.","Good, I see Ageron managed to find you, $N. Let us waste little time with small talk and pleasantries and focus on your training. There is still much you have to learn.","","","","",""
1480,"The Corrupter","The torn skin smells rotten, and is remarkably pliable for something that appears to be dry and fragile.$B$BAs you unroll it, you can clearly see the red markings of some kind of language on one side. At the bottom of the skin is a very clear symbol that you guess is a signature of some kind.$B$BPerhaps it is something Maurin could tell you more about?","Bring the Flayed Demon Skin to Maurin Bonesplitter in Desolace.","Hmm, these runes are indeed a language, $N, an old language. They seem remotely similar to the Eredun language, but the differences are drastic. If I am not mistaken, this is a contract of some kind.... Here, yes, this symbol is the demon's signature: Lord Azrethoc.","","","","",""
1481,"The Corrupter","I believe I can find this demon lord given the proper reagents.$B$BIf he is indeed as powerful as I suspect, I will need items gathered from deadly creatures. But you act in the Warchief's name, so I am sure you will accept my task.$B$BFirst, I will have to break any wards he has against scrying. For this, I will need the scalp from a satyr--but not any satyr. The scalp must come from a Hatefury shadowstalker.$B$BSearch for them among the ancient ruins in the northeast of Desolace.","Bring a Shadowstalker Scalp to Maurin Bonesplitter in Desolace.","The shadowstalkers were unable to slay you, $c. Impressive... most impressive.$B$BThis scalp will do nicely for my spell. While you were away, I was able to gather some of the other reagents needed for the spell.$B$BI am almost ready. I only need a focus for the spell--something to project an image of the demon lord and his whereabouts.","","","","",""
1482,"The Corrupter","An oracle crystal would do nicely. They are crafted by the naga for their oracles to use.$B$BNorthwest of here, along the coast, is a vast coral reef that the naga have taken as their home when this close to the shore. You can find their oracles there. The Slitherblade are deadly and will not react kindly to your intrusions, so be careful and make haste.$B$BWhen you return, we shall see about finding this demon lord Azrethoc.","Bring an Oracle Crystal to Maurin Bonesplitter in Desolace.","A precious oracle crystal... flawless... beautiful. Indeed.$B$BWe shall begin immediately. Finding this demon lord should be our primary concern, and its slaying demands our utmost attention.$B$BTake a step back, $c, and let us see what this demon is, and where he may be found.","","","","",""
1483,"Ziz Fizziks","The Venture Company stole many of the best goblin minds, but from time to time, we get the opportunity to steal some back.$b$bA while ago, the Venture Company outfit in the Stonetalon Mountains hired Gerenzo Wrenchwhistle--a gnome! Their other engineer, Ziz Fizziks, was so taken aback by this, he pleaded with me to find him new employment with the Tinkers' Union. I set him on a few tasks, but he might need help.$b$bMaybe you could look in on him for me? He's stationed at the western edge of Windshear Crag.","Speak with Ziz Fizziks in Windshear Crag.","I thought those Venture Company higher-ups were slave drivers, but then I met Sputtervalve, the cruelest of them all!$b$bHa! Though it's better than being out of a job, I suppose... Or worse, working with that Gerenzo. If you're here to help, I've got something for you to do.","","","","",""
1484,"The Corrupter","This creature is far more dangerous than I had anticipated.  No doubt Takata questions my abilities to take on such a creature, and it would insult his honor if he were not informed about what just happened.$B$BSpeak to the swordsman, tell him you are willing to slay the demon if he would allow it, but do not press too hard. It is better if he thinks it his own idea.","Speak to Takata Steelblade in Desolace.","I witnessed what just occurred with Maurin and the demon lord. That creature, even as an apparition, seems to have more power than my warlock companion. I wonder if he's up to the task of defeating the monster? It would serve the Warchief better if I go myself, but with my responsibilities here, I would disgrace my clan if I turned my back on my duties here to battle this evil for my own honor.","","","","",""
1485,"Vile Familiars","Those warlocks who came before us have earned the distrust of the Horde, and while we are tolerated, we are not loved.$b$bThis has not brought the warlocks closer together, however, as many choose to live reclusively, dabbling in their magics alone. I will not seek to lead you down one path or the other, but only help you in your maturation.$b$bBefore I teach you the art of summoning, bring me six heads of the vile familiars from the cave to the northeast.","Bring 6 Vile Familiar Heads to Ruzan.","Throughout your training as a $C, you will learn to call forth beings of many sorts. Some may not seem it, but all are useful tools.$B$BDo not be fooled by the imp's small size. As you no doubt noticed, it is still a formidable adversary.","","","","",""
1486,"Deviate Hides","As Naralex descended deeper into his nightmare, a strange breed of beasts arose from beneath the Barrens into the Wailing Caverns.$b$bThese deviate creatures have strange, otherworldly properties. While evil in nature, it is my opinion that some good can come from their existence here in Kalimdor. I believe their hides will be of particular use in the ways of leatherworking.$b$bIf you feel up to the task, venture into the caves below and retrieve some deviate hides.","Nalpak in the Wailing Caverns wants 20 Deviate Hides.","Your efforts shall not go unnoticed in gathering these hides, $N.$b$bThank you for your dedication.","","","","",""
1487,"Deviate Eradication","Naralex had a noble goal.$b$bOur great leader aspired to enter the Emerald Dream and help regrow these harsh lands back into the lush forest it once was. But something went terribly wrong.$b$bNaralex's dream turned into a nightmare and corrupt creatures began to inhabit the caverns.$b$bWhile some Disciples of Naralex seek to awake our master, my concern is with ridding these caves of the evil beasts.$b$bBrave the caverns, $n, and eradicate the deviate spawn.","Ebru in the Wailing Caverns wants you to kill 7 Deviate Ravagers, 7 Deviate Vipers, 7 Deviate Shamblers and 7 Deviate Dreadfangs.","As a Disciple of Naralex, I commend your bravery, $n.$b$bYour aid in ridding the caverns is the first step in our long plight to see the Barrens restored.$b$bThank you and may you prosper.","","","","",""
1488,"The Corrupter","Although I have no knowledge of this Lord Azrethoc, I agree with Maurin, he must be stopped; especially if he is attempting to gain influence over the Burning Blade to further his goals.$B$BYou have already shown you wish to aid the Warchief, and I would trust you to gather a party to slay the demon lord and his warlock servant.$B$BWhen you are ready, head directly south,  and return to me when the threat has been ended.","Slay Lord Azrethoc and Jugkar Grim'rod and return to Takata Steelblade in Desolace.","A mighty victory for us all, $N. Let us rejoice in your success. I trust now that our future here is not as bleak as I once thought.$B$BThe demons will be slain, the Burning Blade will fail in their efforts, and we may one day have a place we can safely call home again.","","","","",""
1489,"Hamuul Runetotem","The shells you brought me have a taint, one I have never before seen.  I am certain the water of the Oases is the cause, and I can sense the confusion they cause this land.  It is as if the land dreams and cannot awake.$B$BThe Wailing Caverns must be the source of the taint.  But before you go there, speak with Hamuul Runetotem, the elder druid.  I sent word to him of the happenings in the Barrens.  He is wise, and can offer you counsel.$B$BYou will find him in Thunder Bluff, on the Elder Rise.","Speak with Hamuul Runetotem","I bid you greetings, $N.  You are welcome here, and I suggest you gather all your strength.  For the task we now set before you ... is a dire one.","","","","",""
1490,"Nara Wildmane","I entered the land of dreams, and dreamed of a cult of druids who dwell in the Wailing Caverns.  I saw that their goals were once noble, but they have lost their way.  They are now servants of the taint seeping through the Barrens.$B$BI am old and my strength fails.  I could not long dwell in that dreaming place and know little more of the tainted druids.  But Nara is young and her spirit is fierce.  She remained in the dreaming when I fled.$B$BSpeak with Nara.  She is in the tent, over yonder.","Speak with Nara Wildmane.","Yes, it is true.  I know of the druids in the Wailing Caverns.  I have seen their twisted, scaled faces.  I know their crimes, and I know their plans.$B$BYou must stop them, $N.","","","","",""
1491,"Smart Drinks","Ok, so the raptor horns didn't work so well.  But that's all right -- no one got rich on their first try!  And besides, I think I found something that'll work even better in my smart drinks!$B$BThere is a substance called Wailing Essence, and I think it is the cause of the strange plants and animals in the Barrens.  Get me some and I'll try it in my drink!$B$BI heard the essence gathers in ectoplasmic creatures in the Wailing Caverns to the west.  Hunt those creatures and gather the essence.","Bring 6 portions of Wailing Essence to Mebok Mizzyrix in Ratchet.","Great, you got it!  I can't wait to try it out.  This is going to make me a fortune, I just know it!$B$BThank you, $N.  Take this, and after I'm rich I'll send you more, I promise!","","","","",""
1492,"Wharfmaster Dizzywig","I have need to send a crate of potions, reagents and other items to my associates in the Old World. Little time I have to actually see them to the dock at Ratchet, and the last caravan has already left.$b$bIf you could, please take this to Wharfmaster Dizzywig. He will ensure that it is placed on the next boat to Blackwater Cove.","Bring the Secure Crate to Wharfmaster Dizzywig in Ratchet.","A small enough crate. Yes, I should be able to find room for this aboard the ship. It sails with the next tide, I trust this is soon enough? Excellent. Let me just enter it into my ledger.$b$bAll taken care of! Good day to you, $c.","","","","",""
1498,"Path of Defense","As a warrior, one of our most crucial tasks is... protection.  We are the shield of the Horde, and we keep our weaker brethren safe.  If you are to join in our ranks, then you must prove your mettle to me.$B$BGo to Thunder Ridge in Durotar, where live the lightning hides and thunder lizards.  Hunt the beasts!  Show me you are tougher than they!  Brave their assaults and bring me a stack of their singed scales as proof.$B$BDo this, and then I will teach you.","Bring 5 Singed Scales to Uzzek at Far Watch Post in the Barrens.","Ah.  I see you have defeated the thunder lizards, which proves you are tough.  Now I will show you how tough skin and shrewd movements can combine to form an impenetrable wall of defense.$B$BLearn your lesson well, $N.  And be ready for future instruction.","","","","",""
1499,"Vile Familiars","Zureetha has been sending novices like yourself to help cull the numbers of the creatures in the cave near where you fought the vile familiars.$b$bI think it would be good for you to gain experience by assisting her. Be sure to tell her that you assisted with the imp problem, she'll probably have a reward for you.","Speak with Zureetha Fargaze.","You have done well, $n.$b$bAlthough the vile familiars were merely pets of the darker powers within the Burning Blade, your success against them foretells greater deeds ahead.","","","","",""
1501,"Creature of the Void","So few warlocks remain... We risk much, but the risks are warranted. You must quickly reach maturity in your ability if you are to be of use to the Horde and to the Warchief.$b$bIt is time that you learned a new summoning spell.$b$bFirst, you must recover the Tablet of Verga, which was stolen by warlocks of the Burning Blade and is now kept at their lair in Skull Rock to the east of the city. With the tablet, I will show you the runes necessary to summoning a voidwalker.","Retrieve the Tablet of Verga for Gan'rul Bloodeye in Orgrimmar.","Good. I hope you inflicted some other losses on the Burning Blade when you went to retrieve this.$B$BThey have been a source of great annoyance for the Warchief, and a great blight upon warlocks as a whole.","","","","",""
1502,"Thun'grim Firegaze","It is vital that a warrior's weapon is one of quality.  And if there is an orc who can craft quality weapons, then that orc is Thun'grim Firegaze.  He is a hermit who dwells atop the hills east of the Crossroads.$B$BIf you seek a weapon, warrior, then you should seek Thun'grim.  To find him, first travel to the Crossroads to the west, then strike east into the hills.  His camp is high on a hilltop.","Speak with Thun'grim Firegaze in the Barrens.","My eyes have long dried out from staring into the forge's flame, but some things I can still see. I can see you want something.$b$bAnd if you found your way here, then I can guess what you desire.","","","","",""
1503,"Forged Steel","I will give you a weapon, $N, but first you must aid me.  The Razormanes to the northwest came into my camp a few nights past.  They would not meet me in combat, but they know my eyes are bad--a few distracted me with snorts while others stole from me!  The cowards!$B$BThey took an iron chest, and within it were some forged steel bars.  If you can recover them then I will give you the weapon you seek.$B$BSearch for the iron box within the quilboar camps, and return with the forged steel bars.","Bring the Forged Steel Bars to Thun'grim Firegaze in the Barrens.","You found them! And all the bars are here, which doesn't surprise me. I didn't think the Razormanes would know what to do with fine steel like this.$b$bThank you, $N. Here is your reward. May it serve you well.","","","","",""
1504,"The Binding","Now, observe the Tablet of Verga, for it contains the glyphs you will need for the summoning. Take them to the circle in Neeru Fireblade's tent on the other side of the cavern. There you will be able to call for the voidwalker.$b$bYou must defeat it using whatever physical and magical means you have at your disposal. When this is completed, return to me with the glyphs of summoning and I will demonstrate how you may bind the creature to your will.","Using the Glyphs of Summoning, summon and subdue a voidwalker, then return the Glyphs of Summoning to Gan'rul Bloodeye in Orgrimmar.","You have done well, $N. I will show you how to summon the voidwalker similar to the one you just defeated.$B$BYou should know that we have high expectations for you, and you have, so far, matched them.$B$BDo not let it go to your head, however, as the tasks that still lie before you will make this seem as simple as waking in the morning.","","","","",""
1505,"Veteran Uzzek","The Horde honors its warriors because their strength is unquestioned.  But the truly great warriors are great students as well.$B$BSeek out Uzzek.  He is a veteran of many battles and now instructs young warriors in the ways of combat.  You will find him south of Far Watch Post, the orc garrison on the border of the Barrens and Durotar to the east.","Speak with Uzzek at Far Watch Post.","Hello, young one.  Here for some instruction, are you?","","","","",""
1506,"Gan'rul's Summons","You there. $n, right?$b$bI hope your schedule isn't busy, because Gan'rul wants to see you right away. You'll find him with the senior warlocks in the Cleft of Shadow.$b$bBased on my past dealings with Gan'rul, your summons is either a very good thing or a very bad thing.","Speak with Gan'rul Bloodeye in Orgrimmar.","Good. I was afraid Ophek wouldn't reach you.$B$BIt is time that I further your warlock training. Any business you have currently will have to wait.$B$BI trust there will not be a problem with this?","","","","",""
1507,"Devourer of Souls","The time has come for you to learn more of the summoning magics. You will learn to summon a succubus, a creature of incredible mental powers. It can lull those of weak minds into its servitude--but have no fear! I feel certain that you will be equal to the challenge.$b$bA succubus can only be summoned when baited with an item that represents great devotion and love. I leave it to you to find such an object.$b$bA suggestion? Speak with Cazul... There seems to be little the ancient warlock does not know.","Speak with Cazul in the Cleft of Shadow.","Hm... Zarm. You are still new to your path, but I sense the possibility for greatness in you.$B$BYou were born with gifts, $N. See that they do not go to waste.","","","","",""
1508,"Blind Cazul","Hmm... But, of course, that is not why you have come to speak with me.$b$bIf Gan'rul has sent you to me, it must be that you are to summon a succubus, and need an object to use for enticement.$b$bHmm... If you trust a blind man to lead you, $n, then listen. In the bluffs of Orgrimmar, west of the wind rider tower, lives Zankaja. She waits for the return of her mate.$b$bGo to her.","Speak with Zankaja in Orgrimmar.","Have you come with news of Dogran? He was to have returned days ago, and I have heard nothing...","","","","",""
1509,"News of Dogran","My mate, Dogran, was recently sent to the Crossroads for duty. It was a promotion, and he was very proud.$b$bI was sad, of course, but I didn't let him know that. And worried, too. The Barrens is a more dangerous place than Orgrimmar, and I feared the worst.$b$bNow it's been a week after he should have returned, and I have received no word from him...$b$bPerhaps you could go to the Crossroads and see if they have any news? He worked with Gazrog, who should still be stationed there.","Speak with Gazrog at the Crossroads.","Zankaja? That's Dogran's mate, right?$B$BYeah, I've heard from him, but it's not the sort of news we should let get back to her...$B$BNo, he's not dead. But he is injured and a prisoner of the quilboar.","","","","",""
1510,"News of Dogran","He was stationed at Camp Taurajo, where we've been trying to weed out the quilboar. He led a few grunts to one of their camps, where he was hurt bad. The others made it back and tried to rescue him. He was in bad shape, his wounds festered, so they were afraid to move him without patching him up first.$b$bThey sent a message here, requesting a healing draught from the trolls at the Malaka'jin at the base of the Stonetalon Mountains. We sent someone to get it, but they haven't returned yet.","Speak with Ken'zigla at the Malaka'jin.","Another $R, eh? I hope you haven't come for the other. He didn't make it. Those goblins did him in good.$B$BHe said he needed a healing draught, but not much else.","","","","",""
1511,"Ken'zigla's Draught","I figured there might be another coming to get the draught, so I prepared it anyways.$b$bHere you go, $n. Mind you, you should only give half of it to him! That will give him enough strength to move without bleeding himself dry. Wait a night, then give him the other half.$b$bAnyways, you'll want to bring this to Logmar at Camp Taurajo. From what the first one told me, he should have an idea where this Dogran is.","Bring Ken'zigla's Draught to Grunt Logmar at Camp Taurajo.","Well, it's about time! Dogran has been dying out there, waiting for this.$B$BWe need to get this out to him right away, but most of the grunts stationed here are out on a foraging mission.","","","","",""
1512,"Love's Gift","Zankaja is young and beautiful. To be chained to an invalid... I will not allow her to suffer that injustice.$b$bLeave me, $n. And thank you. I may end my life in glorious battle, instead of a lifeless husk.$b$bAnd please, I would ask you not to tell my mate of this... I do not want guilt on her conscience.","Bring the Dirt-caked Pendant to Gan'rul Bloodeye in Orgrimmar.","If you tell me that this will suffice, then I trust you, $N. Allow me to clean it though... Pristine and shining, it may be even more enticing to a succubus.","","","","",""
1513,"The Binding","Take this to the summoning circle in Neeru's tent, $n. Summon forth a foul succubus, then show it your mastery. I believe in the strength of your magic. As always, though, be wary, for pride and overconfidence has overcome many a promising warlock.$b$bWhen you have defeated it, return the pendant to me so that I might deliver the news to Zankaja.","Using Dogran's Pendant, summon and subdue a succubus, then return Dogran's Pendant to Gan'rul Bloodeye in Orgrimmar.","Success! Be sure I expected nothing less from my star pupil.$B$BYou have proven your worth, and gladly will I show you the method of summoning your subdued succubus. Go now, you have much to learn, and when next I see you, I will expect you to have found true mastery over your succubus.$B$BLeave the sorrow of Dogran and Zankaja to those of us who are longer in years, but remember it, and hold it as protection against the wiles of the dark power you have learned to summon today.","","","","",""
1514,"Corrupted Windblossom","","","You apply two Cenarion plant salves to the windblossom. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
1515,"Dogran's Captivity","You've made it this far, so if you want to see this through to the end, I won't stop you. I can't spare you any additional manpower though, you'll be on your own.$b$bDogran is being held in a quilboar camp to the north of here. Look for a group of two huts. He'll be heavily guarded--that is, if they haven't killed him yet, or he hasn't succumbed to his wounds.$b$bGood luck.","Bring Ken'zigla's Draught to Dogran in the Barrens.","Foul tasting brew...$B$BI can feel the strength in me now, enough to hobble away... But my leg, I will have lost it for the rest of my life. My arm, too.","","","","",""
1516,"Call of Earth","The time is now, young $c. You've grown strong and your spirit endures like the earth. Following the shaman's path shows you have wisdom before even proving yourself.$B$BThe element of earth will guide your destiny, becoming part of you if you are ready. But you must stand before the earth itself. If you are ready, then you will see things only shaman know of.$B$BSeek out the Felstalkers to the north, and take from them two of their hooves. Return to me then, and we shall speak more of your future.\
","Bring 2 Felstalker Hooves to Canaga Earthcaller in the Valley of Trials.","Excellent. Your success shows that you are prepared.$B$BOf all the elements, earth represents the foundation of all things. It is your strength, your stamina, and your patience. Earth will protect you, but only if shown the proper respect. Like the other elements, even earth can be fickle. Earth is the basis for life, and by observing its laws, you will gain greater wisdom. Never forget the secrets earth shares with you.$B$BI shall make a sapta for you now, and by accepting it, you will realize your path.","","","","",""
1517,"Call of Earth","A sapta is a drink created to bind our spirits to the elements. Fused with magic, the potion will allow the strong willed to see the elements as no one else can. Your spirit will be connected to the element the sapta was created for, and only a select few shaman know the recipe.$B$BThe sapta is always drunk in a holy place, and never anywhere else--remember that.$B$BSeek out Spirit Rock southwest of here--it is found at the end of the Hidden Path. Drink your sapta there, and... well, you shall see.","Find Spirit Rock and drink the Earth Sapta.","Ah... $N... pleased is the earth to have you here.$B$BBound together in body and spirit, you will go forward knowing that the mountains are your strength; the plains, your patience; and the world itself your essence.$B$BStanding before the earth humbly is all that is required of you for you to pass this rite. But the others are not as passive. They may be chaotic and often violent, but such is the nature of the elements. Dual natures opposing one another, you must come to learn these things intricately.","","","","",""
1518,"Call of Earth","Take this rough quartz from me and bring it to Canaga Earthcaller as proof of our meeting. He will craft a totem for you, and this pebble will be the heart of it. As small as it may seem, you will come to find that size does not matter, and that even the smallest of things can outlast many others.$B$BBe patient, $N. Remain strong. And seek wisdom. This is what earth asks of you. In the end, you shall become one with the earth--respect it as it shall respect you.","Bring the Rough Quartz to Canaga Earthcaller in the Valley of Trials.","Excellent!$B$BThe totem I will craft for you is more than a symbol of your status among $C--it has abilities beyond that. One use of the totem is as a focus for spells. Those spells are tied to the earth, and as you earn greater and greater wisdom, more of the earth's abilities will be made accessible to you.$B$BThe trainers will know when you are ready for greater knowledge.$B$BBut for now, take this earth totem, and a scroll to teach you your first ability.","","","","",""
1519,"Call of Earth","The time has come, young $c. Your body ages and grows strong, and your spirit endures like the earth. I see it within you-you have wisdom already.$B$BThe earth guides our people, and it speaks to us, as it will to you in time. But you must be tested. If you are ready, then you shall see things only our kind know of.$B$BSeek out the Bristleback shamans in their ravine to the east, and take from them a salve they use in their rituals. Return to me only when you have enough for your own potion.","Bring 2 applications of Ritual Salve to Seer Ravenfeather in Camp Narache.","Good, $N. Your return here signifies that you are indeed prepared for the next step.$B$BOf all the elements, earth represents the foundation of all things. It is your strength, your stamina, and your patience. The Earth Mother will protect you, but only if you show her proper respect. She is the basis for life, and by observing her laws, you will gain a greater wisdom. Never forget the secrets she shares with you.$B$BI shall make your sapta for you now, and by accepting it, a new path will open before you.","","","","",""
1520,"Call of Earth","A sapta is a drink created to bind our spirits to the elements. Fused with magic, the potion will allow the open minded to see the elements as no one has seen them before. Your spirit will forever be tied to the element the sapta was created for, and only a select few of our kind know the secrets of its creation.$B$BThe sapta is always imbibed in a holy place, and never anywhere else.$B$BSeek out the shaman shrine to the east of here and drink of the sapta.","Find Kodo Rock and drink the Earth Sapta.","Ah... $N... pleased is the earth to have you here.$B$BBound together in body and spirit, you will go forward knowing that the mountains are your strength; the plains, your patience; and the world itself your essence.$B$BStanding before the earth humbly is all that is required of you for you to pass this rite. But the others are not as passive. They may be chaotic and often violent, but such is the nature of the elements. Dual natures opposing one another, you must come to learn these things intricately.","","","","",""
1521,"Call of Earth","Take this rough quartz from me and bring it to Seer Ravenfeather as proof of our meeting. She will craft a totem for you, and this pebble will be the heart of it. As small as it may seem, you will come to find that size does not matter, and that even the smallest of things can outlast mountains.$B$BBe patient, $N. Remain strong. And seek wisdom. This is what earth asks of you. In the end, you shall become one with the earth--respect it as it shall respect you.","Bring the Rough Quartz to Seer Ravenfeather in Camp Narache.","Splendid.$B$BThe totem I will craft for you is more than a symbol--it has abilities beyond that. One use of the totem is a focus for spells. Those spells are tied to the earth, and as you earn greater and greater wisdom, more of the earth's abilities will be made accessible to you. Trainers found throughout Kalimdor will know when you are ready for greater knowledge and will let you know as much when you visit them.$B$BBut for now, take this earth totem, and a scroll to teach you your first ability.","","","","",""
1522,"Call of Fire","Fire be witcha, mon. I see you be strong in da ways of earth already, an' me tinkin' you be ready to talk to Kranal.$B$BKranal live north of da Crossroads in da Barrens. He be strong in da ways of da elements and can teach ya da ways of fire... if you tink you be ready.$B$BHe be easy ta find, just don' go too far--ya go too far an' ya find yerself in da elves' lands.","Find Kranal Fiss in the Barrens.","Hmmm, Searn sent you to me, did he?$B$BWell then, Searn could always be trusted, so that must mean you're ready to take part of the next sapta--the sapta of fire.$B$BI see it in your eyes already, the burning, the desire. You've tasted power, and now you're ready for more of it. Patience, $N. Remember what earth taught you. Power and destruction will come easily, but you must still know when to stay your hand.","","","","",""
1523,"Call of Fire","Long has it been since you were last tested, $N. You have shown patience thus far in your studies, but the time has come for you to learn more. The time has come for you to learn about destruction... and chaos. The element of fire is yours for the understanding, if you're prepared to pay for it.$B$BSeek out Kranal Fiss in the Barrens. He lives in a small dwelling north of the Crossroads, but be mindful, if you've reached the night elf lands, you've gone too far.","Find Kranal Fiss in the Barrens.","Hmmm, Narm sent you to me, did he?$B$BWell then, Narm could always be trusted, so that must mean you're ready to take part of the next sapta--the sapta of fire.$B$BI see it in your eyes already, the burning, the desire. You've tasted power, and now you're ready for more of it. Patience, $N. Remember what earth taught you. Power and destruction will come easily, but you must still know when to stay your hand.","","","","",""
1524,"Call of Fire","You are powerful enough to wield the totem of fire, but that does not mean you are ready.$B$BAlong the Southfury River in Durotar, before the Great Sea, lies a hidden trail to one of the highest peaks in the land. Find your way to the top and you shall find one of our holy shrines watched over by Telf Joolam--the Shrine of the Dormant Flame.$B$BTake this torch to him--it marks that you attempt to tame fire. Return it to me aflame by the brazier at the shrine and I will see you are given the totem of fire.","Bring the Torch of the Dormant Flame to Telf Joolam in Durotar.","Ah, my mistake, $N. I apologize. I did not realize you possessed the Torch. I am pleased to make your acquaintance.$B$BMany adventurers find their way here while looking for lost treasure or the promise of mystical creatures to slay, only to be turned away from a seemingly empty shrine. But we know the truth, do we not, $N?$B$BThis shrine holds a greater secret from the mundane members of the Horde. To us, it is sacred.","","","","",""
1525,"Call of Fire","But you did not come here for a history lesson, did you? You came for the Eternal Flame and fire totem.$B$BThe first step is to create a sapta and bind you to the flame.$B$BI can create the fire sapta for you if you bring me two items. The first is fire tar, a simple item usually carried by Razormane spellcasters in eastern Barrens.$B$BThe second item will be more dangerous: a reagent pouch from one of the cultists of the Burning Blade. You can find them in a cave above the ravines northeast of Razor Hill.","Bring 1 Fire Tar and 1 Reagent Pouch to Telf Joolam in Durotar.","These will do nicely, $N.$B$BFire is more than chaos and destruction--do well to remember that. It is also about life, and creation. All things are tied together in such a way. Forces oppose one another, but at the same time, one cannot exist without the other. Both extinguish one another, but also give one another meaning. Always remember this.$B$BUsing different types of magic in conjunction with one another will show not only true skill, but great wisdom.","","","","",""
1526,"Call of Fire","The fire sapta is finished. The time has come for you to face the flame. Use the sapta at the shrine and head to the top of the mountain to face the manifestation there. He will not attack until you are ready, but he will realize you are able to see him.$B$BStrike him down swiftly, $N, for he shall only grow in power the longer you take to slay him. Once he is defeated, place his glowing embers within the brazier and light the torch.","Defeat the Minor Manifestation of Fire, and place the Glowing Ember in the brazier atop the Shrine of Eternal Flame.","A white hot flame ignites within the bowl as you place the ember within. You can feel the magical effects of the sapta coursing through your body and the fire dances rhythmically before you.$B$BYou place the top of the torch within the basin, and it immediately catches on fire.","","","","",""
1527,"Call of Fire","Torch firmly in hand, you turn away from the brazier and look out over Durotar. You feel an excitement tugging at your spirit as the wind picks up and forces the flame to dance violently.$B$BYou start off down the path back to the Barrens in search of Kranal Fiss.","Bring the Torch of Eternal Flame to Kranal Fiss in the Barrens.","Your spirit burns brighter than any torch I've ever seen, $N, and for that, you should be proud.$B$BIf you continue down this path, the elements will be yours to command, and our brethren will look to you for guidance and wisdom. Let me be the first to congratulate you and present to you your newest totem.","","","","",""
1528,"Call of Water","Water be in ya future, mon. I see you be strong in da ways of fire already, an' me tinkin' you be ready to talk to Islen.$B$BIslen live along the coast of da Barrens. If ya head south along the Southfury River, ya canna miss her--look fer da big shark! She be strong in da ways of da elements and can teach ya da ways of water... if you tink you be ready.$B$BShe be easy ta find, just don' go too far south--she be jus' beyond Ratchet.","Find Islen Waterseer in the Barrens.","The wind approaches you quickly from the horizon; the earth is steady beneath your feet; and your spirit is already warmed by fire--I would say it is time for you to learn about the purity of water.$B$BYour path has led you this far, and your spirit will give you the strength to carry on even further. But the first step is yours to take.","","","","",""
1529,"Call of Water","Long has it been since you were last tested, $N. You have shown patience thus far in your studies, but the time has come for you to learn more. The time has come for you to learn about the purity of water.$B$BSeek out Islen Waterseer in the Barrens. She is along the eastern coast, south of the Southfury River and Ratchet. You will find her there at her fishing hut. Good luck to you, $N.","Find Islen Waterseer in the Barrens.","The wind approaches you quickly from the horizon; the earth is steady beneath your feet; and your spirit is already warmed by fire--I would say it is time for you to learn about the purity of water.$B$BYour path has led you this far, and your spirit will give you the strength to carry on even further. But the first step is yours to take.","","","","",""
1530,"Call of Water","If there is one lesson you must learn of water, it is this: water means rebirth.$B$BIts power flows, erodes, and makes clean all manner of things. You will find its ability to heal and replenish incomparable, but only when it is pure.$B$BWhen you understand that water, when polluted, can devastate all that it touches, you will appreciate how vital a resource it is.$B$BIf you wish the water sapta, find Brine deep in Southern Barrens. Her home is continually molested by the quilboar there.","Find Brine in Southern Barrens.","Yes?$B$BMmm. I have a feeling I know what you're going to ask me: what would possess someone to live out here in the deepest part of the Barrens, the threat of quilboar all around, and no protection? Well, we all have our reasons to justify why we act the way we do. The real question is, what brings a lowly $R to the deepest reaches of the Barrens to speak to a woman who obviously has no concern for her own well-being?$B$BI'm willing to bet we both know the answer to that.","","","","",""
1531,"Call of Air","You be makin' headway now, mon. Your be ready to prove yerself worthy of the air totem, but first, ya must fin' Prate Cloudseer in Thousand Needles. She be willin' ta tell ya how to get yer air totem if ya treat her wit enough respect.$B$BHead south through the Barrens, and after ya reach Thousand Needles, head east. You'll find her hiddin' in a hole wit' her boyfriend--haha, don' tell her I be dissin' her none--she not take it too kindly.","Find Prate Cloudseer in Thousand Needles.","For the time being. I shall give you what you need to focus your spells and to call upon the spirits of air. Take this totem, and when you are ready, train with me some more.","","","","",""
1532,"Call of Air","The winds of Kalimdor rush to meet you and you shall be counted among some of our most powerful $g brothers:sisters;. I am proud to see you have come this far and have such a promising future.$B$BThe element of air is a difficult one to control, but I have faith that your skills will overcome any obstacles that are placed in front of you.$B$BHead to the very south of the Barrens, and enter Thousand Needles. It is there, far to the east, that you will find Prate Cloudseer. She will teach you more.","Find Prate Cloudseer in Thousand Needles.",\N,"","","","",""
1534,"Call of Water","Take this waterskin and head deep into the lush forest the night elves call Ashenvale. It is to the far north of the Barrens.$B$BOnce you've entered the forest, travel west. Along the mountains that separate Stonetalon and Ashenvale, and beyond Lake Mystral, you will find a holy place: the Ruins of Stardust. At the center of the lake you will find a small fountain.$B$BBring me a sample of the fountain's water. It will be the final component you'll need before I send you back to Islen.","Fill the Empty Blue Waterskin at the Ruins of Stardust in Ashenvale and return to Brine in the Barrens.","Wonderful, $N. With all three samples gathered, I can create for you a vial of the purest water any living creature will find. It will be used in the next steps of your rite of passage.$B$BI am pleased to count you among our kind, $N. You do all $C proud, and I look forward to hearing about your exploits in the future.","","","","",""
1535,"Call of Water","To find understanding and gain the sapta from me, you must seek out only the purest forms of water. As you fetch the samples for me, take note of your surroundings. Be aware of the creatures that rely on the water, that protect it. See how it affects forests and deserts. Witness how the very substance that sustains life will force creatures to take lives.$B$BWe shall start with a simple task: down below my hut there is a pond of the precious liquid. Fill this skin with it and return to me.","Fill the Empty Brown Waterskin at the watering hole below Brine's hut and return it to her in the Barrens.","I thought some bloodshed might ensue if you tried to take water from the pool. It is a pity the quilboar do not realize that all living things are tied together; that their greed only perpetuates the pain and suffering of their people. How much could they accomplish if they were to put their differences aside and their clans came together.$B$BAgain, a pity, but more than likely a boon for the other races of the Barrens.","","","","",""
1536,"Call of Water","Long ago I followed some companions into the Hillsbrad Foothills. We defended ourselves from some tenacious humans who make their home there and we found ourselves in a small town the Forsaken had taken over: Tarren Mill.$B$BIt was there I found a most peculiar thing: in the center of town was a small well of fresh spring water. I'm not sure the plagued citizens of the town even realize its value--it's a small holy vestige in an unhallowed sea.$B$BBring me a sample of that water in this waterskin.","Fill the Empty Red Waterskin at the well in Tarren Mill and return to Brine in the Barrens.","This is good, $N. You're dedicated to the task at hand and have the ability to seek out that which is needed.$B$BOne more sample is all I need to create the reagent needed for your sapta. Islen will be pleased as well.","","","","",""
1559,"Flash Bomb Recipe",\N,\N,"So you're an engineer, eh? Well, for your help in getting me those pearls, here's the recipe for flash bombs.$b$bGood luck, and try not to blind yourself!",\N,\N,\N,\N,\N
1560,"Tooga's Quest","I am so lost!$b$bMy wife, Torta, sent me out to fetch dinner and I must have taken a wrong turn somewhere.$b$bWould you be so kind as to lead me back to Torta? She's waiting for me just south of Steamwheedle Port.","Show Tooga the way back to his wife, Torta.","So he couldn't find his way back on his own? Figures.$b$bWell, I guess you deserve something for your troubles....","Lead Tooga to Torta","","","",""
1578,"Supplying the Front","The mountaineers of Loch Modan are fighting troggs, and having a busy time of it!  They need constant supplies of new armor and weapons if we're ever to get a handle on those troggs.$B$BThat's why my colleague Thorvald is there, trying to keep the mountaineers in good gear.  So if you were to make some copper axes and copper chain belts and bring them to Thorvald, he would be obliged.  He might even share his knowledge with you.$B$BThorvald is in Loch Modan's southern guard tower.","Bring 6 Copper Axes and 6 Copper Chain Belts to Thorvald in the southern guard tower of Loch Modan","Ah, apologies! I didn't realize you were here to help resupply our troops. The stuff you made will be a big help!$B$BHere are plans for some armor. I hope you find them useful.","","","","",""
1579,"Gaffer Jacks","I came to Auberdine because of the quiet.  I want to invent my inventions where it's quiet, because after a night of drinking I don't like all the noise of Ironforge!$B$BSo I took a ship to Auberdine and had a little too much to drink on the way.  I dropped my box of gaffer jacks overboard!  I need my gaffer jacks!$B$BI don't know exactly where I dropped them, but if you fish for them in the ocean you might get lucky...","Bring 8 Gaffer Jacks to Wizbang Cranktoggle in Auberdine.","I can't believe you found them! You must be the luckiest $R in Kalimdor!","","","","",""
1580,"Electropellers","We know you're lucky, but... just how lucky are you, $N?$B$BOne night I was wandering the roads of Darkshore.  I was looking for a good river or lake to try my new self-propelled, exploding duck decoy and I think I was a little tipsy... because I passed out and awoke hours later in Auberdine.  My hair was singed and my bag of electropellers was gone!  I must have dropped them in the water!$B$BI need those electropellers!  Maybe you can fish them out of some lake or stream in Darkshore...","Bring 12 Electropellers to Wizbang Cranktoggle in Auberdine.","I can't believe it! You found them! You are the best fisherman I've ever seen!$b$bThank you, $N. And here, take these. Although you're so good and you probably don't need them, they will help you with your fishing.","","","","",""
1581,"Elixirs for the Bladeleafs","Our herb and alchemy shop is booming, but my husband spends so much time mixing potions that we never have time for each other.$B$BCan you help us?$B$BIf you can bring me a supply of pre-made elixirs, then I would be happy to trade with you.  I have some rare herbs that you might find useful.","Bring 6 Elixirs of Lion's Strength and 2 Elixirs of Minor Defense to Syral Bladeleaf in Dolanaar.","These are nicely mixed. You take great care in your trade, $N, and that is important for an alchemist.$b$bHere are your herbs, freshly gathered. May you use them well.","","","","",""
1582,"Moonglow Vest","We in Darnassus, especially we craftsman, are quite busy.  Young adventurers are eager to test themselves in the wilderness, and are in constant need of supplies.$B$BIf you can help me fill my orders of leather goods, then perhaps I can teach you an advanced leatherworking technique.","Bring 1 Embossed Leather Glove, 5 Embossed Leather Boots and 5 Embossed Leather Cloaks to Lotherias in Darnassus.","Yes, these are good pieces. You have a skilled hand and an eye for detail. Your future as a leatherworker is promising.$B$BHere, $N. Let me show you the pattern to make the Moonglow Vest.","","","","",""
1598,"The Stolen Tome","You there! $n, right?$b$bI hope you're sure about becoming a warlock, because if you can't hold your own, you're likely to get pulled under.$b$bI'm to teach you, but I need to make sure you're strong enough first.$b$bThere was a novice studying at the Abbey who ran off to join the Defias Brotherhood. Why do I care? Well, he stole some important books.$b$bOne of those happens to be a book I've wanted for myself, the Powers of the Void. Steal it for me, they have it hidden at their tent in the Vineyards.","Retrieve the Powers of the Void for Drusilla La Salle.","Excellent... I was never able to gain access to this text, it was held in a protected wing of the library that would have looked suspicious for me to be loitering around.$B$BWell, you did a good job in getting this, and I'm convinced that you can probably handle your own imp, so there's no reason for me not to show you how to summon one.","","","","",""
1599,"Beginnings","You must be the new warlock everyone's been whispering about. Must be someone's taken a liking to you if they've asked me to take time away from my research to start your training.$b$bDon't worry, I won't hold it against you.$b$bThe simplest of the summoning spells you will learn is that of the imp. Before I impart this to you, however, you must prove that you have the necessary magical and physical ability.$b$bBring me three feather charms from the frostmane novices from the cave to the southwest.","Bring 3 Feather Charms to Alamar Grimm in Anvilmar.","Very good, very good! You've done well, $N. Perhaps the interest that is being shown in you is deserved, after all.$b$bThat'll be for the others to decide--assuming your imp doesn't overpower you and nip your career in the bud. For now, I'm satisfied that you'll probably survive your first few months as a $C.$b$bA word about the imp, $N. As a $R knows, don't let its size fool you, its magic can be very dangerous.","","","","",""
1618,"<test> Gearing Redridge","We dwarves aren't the only ones fighting.  Our human allies have their hands full too!$B$BRedridge is under periodic attack from blackrock orcs, and their supply of equipment is always low.  If you were to help them out, I'm sure their resident blacksmith, Vernor Osgood, would teach you a trick or two.","Tormus Deepforge  wants you to bring 4 Runed Copper Belts and 4 Heavy Copper Mauls to Vernor Osgood in Redridge.","Thank you, $N. This will help me out tremendously. With the Blackrock orcs attacking from Stonewatch Keep and the Redridge gnolls lurking in the foothills to the north, I'm always fixing armor and making new weapons for our troops.$B$BThe supplies you brought will give me a moment's peace. I will have enough time to teach you something...","","","","",""
1638,"A Warrior's Training","You've shown yourself to be a competent warrior, $N.  But you're still young and have a lot to learn.$B$BSpeak with Harry Burlguard--he's usually in the Pig and Whistle tavern, in the Old Town of Stormwind.  Harry is an old veteran and a good teacher.  He can show you a few moves that'll keep you breathing longer.","Speak with Harry Burlguard.","Oh ho! Have a drink with me, $N. You look tough on the outside, but let's see if your gut can handle a few mugs of the Pig and Whistle's strongest!!$B$BOr... were you here for a lesson?","","","","",""
1639,"Bartleby the Drunk","Yeah, I can teach you.  But first I wanna see what moves you have already.$B$BSee that drunk over there at the end of the bar?  Bartleby?  I want you to get his mug.$B$BHah, and if you know Bartleby then you know he won't just give it to you.","Speak with Bartleby.","Hello, fancy $gboy:girl;! What's a prissy thing like you doing in the Pig and Whistle? Be careful, or you might break a nail...","","","","",""
1640,"Beat Bartleby","You want what??  You're crazy!$B$BThe only way you'll get this mug is if you pry it from my cold, dead fingers...","Beat Bartleby, then talk to him.","You're a lot tougher than you look!","Beat Bartleby","","","",""
1641,"The Tome of Divinity","","","Here in Stormwind, I am responsible for putting paladins on the path to greater virtue as they devote themselves to the Light and defend Azeroth from the Scourge and other threats.$B$BThe time has come for you to take your first step towards being truly virtuous. If you accept it, I will give you a Book of Divinity. In studying it, you shall learn some about the Light, and what is expected of you. If you understand it, and are capable, then you will succeed in attaining greater abilities.","","","","",""
1642,"The Tome of Divinity","In all things, a paladin must reflect the Light which supplements our strength. To strive to be divine for one of our kind does not mean we strive for godhood--we strive to be good in all actions.$B$BAlthough called upon to smite evil in these harsh times, you must always remember that it's aiding others that will truly set you apart from the citizens of Azeroth. Compassion, patience, bravery--these things mean as much to a paladin as strength in battle.$B$BKnow this well, and never forget it.","Speak to Duthorian Rall in Stormwind.","Hello again, $N. How goes your studies of the Tome of Divinity?$B$BThen you should be prepared to have yourself tested. There are always tasks to be done throughout the city and our lands; acts of compassion and understanding; people who need help; creatures to slay.$B$BBy proving you have the patience to help others, especially those who are less fortunate, you prove that you are a servant of the Light and of sound mind.","","","","",""
1643,"The Tome of Divinity","Your task then, $N, is to find someone here in Stormwind that is in need of aid. Someone who is pure of heart and motive. Perhaps someone helping others. Perhaps someone in need of a guide. Regardless, the person must have noble intent and be relying on your kindness.$B$BDo this, and return to me when you are finished. Then, we shall discuss more of your path and what it means to be a paladin of the Light.","Search the Trade District of Stormwind for Stephanie Turner.","Oh, hello, luv. How go your adventures? Oh, I'm so glad to hear you're doing well.$B$BOh, me? Thank you for asking--I'm doing well, all things considered.$B$BThe increase in tradesmen has kind of put a damper on the amount of leather and cloth people are willing to part with these days, so it's been tougher to make clothing for the children at the orphanage, but we'll manage. By \"we\" I mean my husband and I. He's up in Ironforge trying to seek help from the citizens there.","","","","",""
1644,"The Tome of Divinity","Bless their hearts, most of them have no families because of the Scourge attacks in the last decade.$B$BMy husband John collects the materials for me to make the shirts and pants for the children, but I haven't even had time to do that. I've been too focused on keeping food on their plates, and a roof over their heads.$B$BWhat's that? You'd be willing to help? Oh, thank the Light, and thank you, $N.$B$BIf you could bring me some linen cloth so I can sew clothes for the kids, that would help me out so much.","Bring 10 Linen Cloth to Stephanie Turner in Stormwind.","Thank you, $N, thank you so much!$B$BThe children will be so pleased, and you've saved me so much time. I'll now be able to focus on the children's other needs, and hopefully my John will be able to return home sooner than we thought.$B$BThank you again, $N. I knew I could rely on the charity of others. The Light be with you.","","","","",""
1645,"The Tome of Divinity","","","Here in Ironforge, I am responsible for putting paladins on the path to greater virtue as they devote themselves to the Light and defend Azeroth from the Scourge and other threats.$B$BThe time has come for you to take your first step towards being truly virtuous. If you accept it, I will give you a Book of Divinity. In studying it, you shall learn some about the Light, and what is expected of you. If you understand it, and are capable, then you will succeed in attaining greater abilities.","","","","",""
1646,"The Tome of Divinity","In all things, a paladin must reflect the Light which supplements our strength. To strive to be divine for one of our kind does not mean we strive for godhood--we strive to be good in all actions.$B$BAlthough called upon to smite evil in these harsh times, you must always remember that it's aiding others that will truly set you apart from the citizens of Azeroth. Compassion, patience, bravery--these things mean as much to a paladin as strength in battle.$B$BKnow this well, and never forget it.","Speak to Tiza Battleforge in Ironforge.","Welcome back, $N. You've spent time reading the book, I hope?$B$BThen you should be prepared to have yourself tested. There are always tasks to be done throughout the city and our lands; acts of compassion and understanding; people who need help; creatures to slay.$B$BBy proving you have the patience to help others, especially those who are less fortunate, you prove that you are a servant of the Light and of sound mind.","","","","",""
1647,"The Tome of Divinity","Your task then, $N, is to find someone here in Ironforge that is in need of aid. Someone who is pure of heart and motive. Perhaps someone helping others. Perhaps someone in need of a guide. Regardless, the person must have noble intent and be relying on your kindness.$B$BDo this, and return to me when you are finished. Then, we shall discuss more of your path and what it means to be a paladin of the Light. I will remain here in the temple for your return. Other paladins will need my guidance also.","Search the outer ring of Ironforge for John Turner.","THE ORPHANAGE OF STOR... oh, sorry, didn't mean to shout at you, sir.$B$BMy name is John Turner. How are you?$B$BGood, good, glad to hear things go well for you. I've had a long day of work already, and I miss my wife terribly, but that's the price you have to pay when there are mouths to feed and backs to clothe.","","","","",""
1648,"The Tome of Divinity","My wife and I run an orphanage in Stormwind, mostly for children who have lost parents due to the attacks by the Scourge in the last decade. I come to Ironforge every month or so to see about collecting more supplies from the citizens here, and talk to the various groups to see if they can do anything to help.$B$BThis trip's been agonizingly slow, and not very productive.$B$BIf I could just get some more linen for my wife to make some clothes, I could finally send a shipment home.","Bring 10 Linen Cloth to John Turner in Ironforge.","This is so wonderful of you, $N. Thank you again.$B$BYou're a noble man for doing this for me. It's no wonder you've chosen to follow the Light. I wish there was some way I could repay you for all you've done... what's that? It's the least you could do? See? That's what I'm talking about, $N, noble to the end.$B$BBe safe, and may the Light protect you in your travels.","","","","",""
1649,"The Tome of Valor","Valor, and all the virtues that go along with it, are like rare minerals: you must cherish them when you find them because of their value, but you must also take time to harvest them... refine them. When mixed together properly, a strong alloy is formed, sometimes unbreakable by even the most powerful blows.$B$BThis strength, your faith, your bravery, must be tested. You must learn to never lose faith and realize that with the power of the Light, you can overcome things that most others cannot.","Speak to Duthorian Rall in Stormwind.","Ah, you wish to petition me for a test of valor. Splendid.$B$BThere are many tasks throughout the city and surrounding lands that hold much challenge, and they could use a $G man:woman; with your skills.$B$BThis test should not be taken lightly, $N. This, like many things along our path, could take our lives. The Church always wishes to bolster its ranks, but it understands the sacrifices needed to ensure the paladins serving it are worthy.$B$BAre you prepared?","","","","",""
1650,"The Tome of Valor","Good! Your lack of hesitation is a sure sign that you are prepared and eager to test yourself. So be it.$B$BAt the very ends of Westfall's Longshore, a small house overlooks the ocean. There, a couple lives, the Stilwells. Jordan is an incredible smith, and he's gone to Ironforge to meet with the dwarves for a while. But this has left Daphne, his wife, alone and unprotected.$B$BReports suggest that the Defias have all but taken over the area, Daphne may need some protection from the villains. Go there.","Find Daphne Stilwell in Westfall.","Hello, $N. I'm assuming by all that armor and weapon of yours, you're either here to try and take my land, or the Church finally sent someone to help protect me while my Jordan's gone.$B$B Well, let me introduce myself: I'm Daphne Stilwell. It's a pleasure.$B$BNow, you're not too late... I've only killed a half dozen of the scum since last sun up. They've been a little slow getting 'round the bend up there, but they probably saw you coming, which means they'll probably be here any minute.","","","","",""
1651,"The Tome of Valor","Now, they'll be coming again soon, I'd wager, so get yourself ready.$B$BI've got myself a gun in the house. I'll grab it and be ready to help you out, but for the most part, you're on your own.$B$BI've no idea how many they'll send, but I'm sure it'll be more than the few they sent earlier.$B$BAsk the Light for whatever blessings you can because... did you hear that? I think they're coming.$B$BWe make our stand near the house!","Defend Daphne Stilwell from the Defias attack.$B$BNeither of your spirits must be released from their mortal coils if you wish to succeed.$B$BAfter you are successful, speak to Daphne Stilwell again.","We've done it, $N! Thank you for your help. You were truly amazing out there. I never thought a $C could handle so many enemies at once.$B$BYou've truly shown bravery in the face of overwhelming odds.","Protect Daphne Stilwell","","","",""
1652,"The Tome of Valor","Please, return to Duthorian and let him know that I'm safe for now. I have you and the Church to thank for that.$B$BHe'll send word to Ironforge to let my Jordan know that he has nothing to fear.$B$BOh, how I miss my husband. I can't wait till he returns.","Speak to Duthorian Rall in Stormwind.","So, we meet again, $N, and you are in high spirits, I see.$B$BThe Stilwell home will be safe for another day, and from your story I see that there was no shortage of danger to be found. Well done.$B$BDaphne and Jordan have helped the Church greatly, and having you protect their property--and their very lives--was the least we could do for them.$B$BFor your valor, you will be rewarded.","","","","",""
1653,"The Test of Righteousness","Actually, I have no doubt that Jordan himself would like to thank you, and seeing as I need a messenger to send word that his wife is safe, I think you'd be a perfect choice.$B$BJordan was to be a paladin of the Light before his dedication to his father's craft took him on another path--he's intimately familiar with our way of life and is considered among our most faithful.$B$BHe should still be in Ironforge--he likes to work outside the gates during the day, something about the cool mountain air.","Speak to Jordan Stilwell in Ironforge",\N,"","","","",""
1654,"The Test of Righteousness","I'd like to reward you if you'd be willing to accept such a thing? Don't misunderstand me, my generosity is dependent on how much help you can be, but I see us both benefiting greatly from such an alliance.$B$BI will craft for you a weapon worthy of what you've accomplished, a symbol of paladinhood and the Light, but you must gather the items I need to craft it. I've already started taking notes on the items, it just requires someone brave and skilled enough to recover them. What do you say, $c?","Using Jordan's Weapon Notes, find some Whitestone Oak Lumber, Bailor's Refined Ore Shipment, Jordan's Smithing Hammer, and a Kor Gem, and return them to Jordan Stilwell in Ironforge.","This is wonderful! You've gotten all the items.$B$BI should have no problem forging you a grand weapon with these. I've actually had the plans for doing this for some time. I just never had the opportunity to gather the goods. Thank you, $N.$B$BIt feels good to have my father's hammer again...and a Kor gem. I never thought I'd see one of these myself.","","","","",""
1655,"Bailor's Ore Shipment","Ach, ya startled me, $G man:woman;! Can't ya see I was lost in thought?$B$BWhat's that? Jordan's shipment... fer Ironforge. Ahhh, yeah, I know whatcha speak of. Mo'grosh ogres... dat's who took me ol' friend's ore shipment. Caravan was headin' here from the Wetlands and was ambushed. The guard who survived their attack just passed away a few days ago--healer couldn't get to 'em fast enough.$B$BIf you want the shipment, you'll have to head northeast across the Loch. It's got to be there somewhere.","Bring Jordan's Ore Shipment to Bailor Stonehand in Loch Modan.","Yup yup, this is it. Ha! If I'd known you were really gonna head out there and fight some o' them ogres, I woulda given you a list of things to get instead of just this one thing. But, you're not here doin' business for me, are ya?.$B$BA deal's a deal; Jordan wanted a shipment of me alloy, that's what he's gonna get.$B$BTell 'em hello fer me, and be safe, $C.","","","","",""
1656,"A Task Unfinished","$N, please, I beg of you, can you help me? I have not finished my tasks here on the Mesa--I'm in the middle of my Rite of Strength--and my father asked me to deliver these furs to the inn in Bloodhoof.$B$BI'm far from rested enough to complete both my rite and this task for my father. Would you mind going on for me?$B$BThe inn is pleasant and a perfect place to rest during your long travels. I'm sure you'll agree once you see it.","Bring the Bundle of Furs to Innkeeper Kauth in Bloodhoof Village.","Ah, the furs I was expecting. Thank you.$B$BThese came faster than I had expected. They will make good blankets for anyone who wishes to stay here.$B$BPlease feel free to stay as long as you like. My inn is always open and all of our people are welcome here. And don't underestimate a good night's rest, it can make a great difference while you're out traveling.","","","","",""
1661,"The Tome of Nobility","I greet you once again, $N. I am more proud to call you $g brother:sister; than ever before--your dedication is a tribute to us all.$B$BThe time has come for me to bestow a great gift upon you. But know this, for now I give you this freely, but later, when time permits, this will be a much greater challenge to all paladins who choose to undertake my quest.$B$BSpeak to me again and I shall grant you a great boon.","Speak to Duthorian Rall in Stormwind.",\N,"","","","",""
1665,"Bartleby's Mug","Ok, here's my mug.  Wait!  Let me finish what's in it first... there we go.","Bring Bartleby's Mug to Burlguard","There it is! He sure didn't want to part with it, but you were persuasive. Well done.$B$BNow for your lesson...","","","","",""
1666,"Marshal Haggard","You've learned a few moves, but you could still use a decent weapon.  I bet if you spoke with Marshal Haggard he could help you.$B$BMarshal Haggard lives in a manor in Elwynn Forest, at the Eastvale Lumber Camp.  He's retired now but he collected a lot of gear during his career.$B$BLet him know I sent you, and with luck he'll have a spare weapon to offer.","Speak with Marshal Haggard.","Who's that?$B$BBurlguard, is that you?$B$BYou'll have to step a little closer. My eyes aren't what they used to be.$B$BWalking up like that, I thought you were a gnoll!","","","","",""
1667,"Dead-tooth Jack","Burlguard sent you, did he?  Yes, I have spare weapons around here, but first I have a task for you...$B$BA while ago a Defias villain Dead-tooth Jack tricked me.  It was dark and he was wearing a Stormwind tabard and I thought he was Marshal Dughan.  He said he needed my old Stormwind Marshal's badge and I gave it to him... and then he laughed and ran off before I could catch him!$B$BGet back my badge!  Dead-tooth Jack probably has it stowed in his camp to the south.","Retrieve Haggard's Badge from Dead-tooth Jack's camp, and return to Marshal Haggard.","Great, you found it! I feared it was gone forever, used by the Defias to impersonate a Stormwind official. Well that won't happen now, thanks to you.$B$BHere are some weapons I used when I was a Marshal. I kept them in great shape--take your pick!","","","","",""
1678,"Vejrek","If you want to rise in the ranks of  the warriors, then you better be tough.  I can teach you new moves but before that, prove to me you can handle yourself against real foes.$B$BVejrek is the toughest troll you'll find in these parts, and he's who you have to beat.  He has a hut just south of Frostmane Hold--a cave cut into the mountains of western Dun Morogh$B$BBring me Vejrek's head and I'll know you have mettle.","Bring Vejrek's Head to Muren Stormpike in Ironforge.","Vejrek sure was an ugly one, eh? Nicely done, $N! You have what it takes, now let's start your lesson...$b$bYou may not know it, but a strong defense is very important to a $C. It keeps him standing against foes that'd fell others, and that's what your allies need.","","","","",""
1679,"Muren Stormpike","Hello, warrior!  You show a lot of promise, but you still need to learn some tricks and Muren Stormpike is just the dwarf to teach you.$B$BYou can find Muren at the Hall of Arms in the Military Ward of Ironforge.  Talk to him when you're ready to learn what it is to be a warrior.","Speak with Muren Stormpike.","Ah, $N. I heard the warriors of Dun Morogh bouncing your name around. I hope you haven't spent all your time in the breweries!","","","","",""
1680,"Tormus Deepforge","Now that you've learned some moves, it's time to get you a decent weapon.  Speak with Tormus Deepforge.  He can make you a weapon I'm sure you'll like.$B$BYou'll find Tormus here in Ironforge, at the Great Forge.","Speak with Tormus Deepforge.","Muren sent you, did he? Yes, I can make you a nice weapon... but before I do that, I have a favor to ask of you.$b$bDon't worry. It's plenty dangerous and could mean your death; it's exactly the sort of job a $C wants.","","","","",""
1681,"Ironband's Compound","My mentor, Sturgy Ironband, had a compound south of Helm's Bed Lake in eastern Dun Morogh.  There he taught blacksmithing and he was the best.$B$BBut one day, one of his students brought him a load of strange ore.  Master Ironband called it umbral ore and was eager to work with it, but soon after it arrived... a band of Dark Iron dwarves attacked his compound.  They killed everyone!$B$BEnter Ironband's compound, $N, and avenge my master's death.  And bring me the load of umbral ore that caused it.","Bring a load of Umbral Ore to Tormus Deepforge in Ironforge.","You found it! Well done!$b$bI hope you killed a host of Dark Iron dwarves while searching. I fear that Ironband's compound won't be the last place we see them.$b$bBut thank you for the ore, $N. I'm eager to work it and find its properties.","","","","",""
1682,"Grey Iron Weapons","","","Here are some weapons, hot off the anvil and made with the new umbral ore you brought me!$B$BPlease, $N, take your pick!","","","","",""
1683,"Vorlus Vilehoof","Before I can teach you, you must show me your resolve.$B$BThe satyr Vorlus Vilehoof has found one of our remote moonwells, southeast of the Ban'ethil Barrow Den.  He now splashes within it, defiling its pure waters with his filth.$B$BFind Vorlus at the moonwell and destroy him.  Bring me his horn as proof and I will begin your advanced training as a warrior.$B$BThe path to the moonwell is hidden well, $N, but stay focused and alert and you will find it.","Bring the Horn of Vorlus to Elanaria in Darnassus.","Well done, $N. It is good to know Vorlus is defeated and our moonwell cleansed, and it is good to see young warriors eager to keep our beloved Teldrassil free of corruption.$B$BNow let us begin your training...","","","","",""
1684,"Elanaria","Greetings, warrior.  Your skill grows, but there is more to your profession than you may believe.  To further progress, you must soon find a teacher.$B$BThe warrior Elanaria dwells in Darnassus, at the Warrior's Terrace.  She can instruct you.","Speak with Elanaria.","I bid you greetings, $N. Your name rings loudly in Darnassus, for you show promise. But we shall soon see if you possess the strength of will to follow the path of the $C.","","","","",""
1685,"Gakin's Summons","Isn't that how it always works? Was looking for you all day and couldn't find you, now when I'm not expecting it, you come and walk right up to me.$b$bI've wasted enough time trying to find you, so I won't delay you any longer. Master Gakin's summoned you for additional training. Seems to me you should seek him out as soon as possible.$b$bYou'll find him in the basement of the Slaughtered Lamb tavern. By the way, you might want to keep that particular location quiet. Don't want word spreading about it.","Report to Gakin the Darkbinder in the Mage Quarter of Stormwind.","About time you showed up. Though, perhaps I should have sent someone more capable than Remen to find you.$B$BNo matter.$B$BYou've gone too long without training, and a warlock without training isn't like to keep his head on his shoulders for long.","","","","",""
1686,"The Shade of Elura","You have learned much, $N.  Now we will craft you a weapon.  A warrior's weapon.$B$BTo do this, you must travel to Darkshore.$B$BLong ago a ship crashed upon the rocks near the Auberdine lighthouse, scattering many crates of elunite ore along the ocean floor.$B$BFirst, you must defeat the elunite's guardian, the Shade of Elura.  Once the ship's captain, she cursed herself to roam the deeps and protect her shipment for all time.  Defeat her, gain her medallion, and gather the crates of lost Elunite.","Bring 8 loads of Elunite Ore and the Medallion of Elura to Elanaria in Darnassus.","Bravely done, $N.$B$BYou have given the Shade of Elura much deserved peace, and we will use the gathered elunite to make a fine weapon for you.","","","","",""
1688,"Surena Caledon","I had a student named Surena Caledon. She stood where you stand now, eager to learn of warlock magic, and possessing no small bit of talent. More than that she was young and pleasing to the eye. Had I seen it then, the traitorous trollop!$b$bThe thieving wench ran off with one of the Defias, Erlan Drudgemoor. While her loss is of little importance, I gifted her a bloodstone choker that I must have.$b$bHer life means nothing to me now. You will find her at the Brackwell Pumpkin Patch. Retrieve what is mine.","Retrieve Surena's Choker for Gakin the Darkbinder in Stormwind.","Surena was talented, but not enough so to gain mastery of $C magic on her own. It's a shame to see talent wasted, but sometimes it is necessary.$B$BI hope my investment in you will bear different results.","","","","",""
1689,"The Binding","By retrieving my choker and besting Surena, you've proven that you're at least as capable as she was.$b$bWith that said, I can tell you're direly in need of training. You can manage the flows of magic, yes, but being a warlock is much more than that.$b$bI will show you how to command a voidwalker, but before I can, you must call one forth at a summoning circle and subdue it using whatever weapons--physical and magical--you have at your disposal. Use the magic of this choker at the summoning circle below.","Using the Bloodstone Choker, summon and subdue a voidwalker, then return the Bloodstone Choker to Gakin the Darkbinder in Stormwind.","You did better than I expected, $N, but as well as I'd hoped. Now, you can learn to command your subjugated voidwalker, an ally you will find valuable in the trials that are sure to stand before you.$B$BI have nothing more to teach you at the present, but I am far from done with you, $N.","","","","",""
1690,"Wastewander Justice","You there!  It's time for you to be a big helper to the Gadgetzan Water Company.$B$BThe Wastewander nomads out in the Tanaris desert have seized almost all the water wells!  Without access to them, our water supply will dry up in no time.  If you want to get in our good graces, then you'll help us bring justice to those nomads!$B$BHead east of here and bring down ten Wastewander Bandits and Thieves, then report back to me on the double.  Justice waits for no man... goblin... bah, just get on it!","Take down 10 Wastewander Bandits and Thieves east of Gadgetzan, then report back to Chief Engineer Bilgewhizzle.","Now that's what I call efficiency!  You've helped thin out the nomad's numbers enough now that we can start to think about how we can win back those water wells.$B$BThe Gadgetzan Water Company thanks you for your help, but we're far from done in dealing with those foul nomads.  Listen close - here's what we need next...","","","","",""
1691,"More Wastewander Justice","We need you to take on the stronger ranks of the Wastewander nomads now.  You've done a good job thus far, but if we are to take back those water wells, then it only makes sense to do it against as few nomads as possible!$B$BThis time around we need you to take down their rogues, assassins, and shadow mages.  You'll find them east and southeast of here.$B$BI'm not going to lie to you - they're a nasty lot.  Do this for us though, and we'll be on our way to taking back what is rightfully ours!","Take down 10 Wastewander Shadow Mages, 8 Wastewander Rogues, and 6 Wastewander Assassins for Chief Engineer Bilgewhizzle in Gadgetzan.\
","Top notch work, $n... top notch!  You've thinned down the nomad population to a point where we can actually take the fight to them!$B$BIf you haven't already, talk to Spigot Operator Luglunket here; he gives a bounty on any of the Wastewander water pouches you may have run across while bringing those nomads to justice!","","","","",""
1692,"Smith Mathiel","I have placed the elunite you gathered into a case.  Take the it to the blacksmith Mathiel, and he will craft for you an elunite weapon.$B$BMathiel is to the south, on the other side of this building.","Bring the Case of Elunite to Smith Mathiel.","Ah, elunite ore. This is a fine metal to work with, for it is blessed by the goddess Elune herself. It would be an honor to craft weapons with it.$B$BPlease wait while I work...","","","","",""
1693,"Weapons of Elunite","","","$N, I have crafted these weapons with the elunite you brought to me. Please, take whichever most suits you.$B$BAnd I must thank you. Working with elunite is both an honor and a pleasure.","","","","",""
1698,"Yorus Barleybrew","Yorus Barleybrew has issued a challenge to all able warriors of the Alliance.  He waits at the Lakeshire Inn, in Redridge, and pledges a grand reward to anyone able to pass his trial.","Speak with Yorus Barleybrew.","Hah! So you heard of my challenge, did you?$B$BWell sit down and listen. Have a drink, and savor it... because it might be your last.","","","","",""
1699,"The Rethban Gauntlet","I call my challenge the Rethban Gauntlet.  To pass the trial, all you must do is enter the Rethban Caverns, to the first fork, then return here.  Easy!  Except there are a few wrinkles...$B$BYou have to return within an hour.$B$BThere are whole heaps of Redridge Gnolls in the way.$B$BBefore you start, you have to take a swig of my family's signature drink: Barleybrew Scalder!$B$BSo what do you say?  The Rethban Caverns are in the foothills north of Lakeshire.  Are you ready to run the Rethban Gauntlet?","Enter the Rethban Caverns, reach the first fork, and return to Yorus Barleybrew within the time allowed.$B$BYou must not die and release your spirit.","You made it! Well done! Three cheers for $N!","Enter the Rethban Caverns","","","",""
1700,"Grimand Elmore","I made a copy of my notes on the techniques I learned while making your armor, and I need them sent to Grimand Elmore.  He's here in the Dwarven District, in the weapon shop.$B$BAnd duck when you give these to him.  He's fiercely proud of his skills, and won't like the idea of learning something from me...","Bring Furen's Notes to Grimand Elmore.","Furen wrote this? How dare he! Why, I taught him everything he knows! To think he could teach me something is outrageous! Outrageous!$B$BHm... but there is something in his notes that I'd like to try...","","","","",""
1701,"Fire Hardened Mail","So I gave you a nice shield, but we don't have to stop there.  I know the secrets to make extremely hard mail armor.  It's not easy and it takes very rare materials, but if you're willing to do the legwork then I'll make a piece for you.$B$BWhat do you say, $N?  If you're up for the challenge, then I'll give you a list of what to get and where to get them.","Gather the materials Furen Longbeard requires, and bring them to him in Stormwind.","You got it all? Amazing! I was afraid those chimaeras would eat you up for sure!$B$BWell let's get started on that armor...","","","","",""
1702,"The Shieldsmith","You really showed what you were made of when you ran the Rethban Gauntlet, $N.  And I'm true to my word.  I'll get you the reward I promised...$B$BExcept it's in Stormwind.$B$BTalk to my friend, Furen Longbeard, in the Dwarven District of Stormwind.  He's the best shieldsmith you'll ever meet, and he owes me a big favor.$B$BHere, take Furen this cask of Barleybrew Scalder and ask him for a shield.  He'll give you a nice one.","Bring the Cask of Scalder to Furen Longbeard.","Ah, Barleybrew Scalder. Great stuff! So you've been to see Yorus, eh?$B$BI can get you a shield, yes sir! You won't find a better one, and that's no lying!","","","","",""
1703,"Mathiel","I made a copy of my notes on the techniques I learned while making your armor, and need them sent to the blacksmith Mathiel.  He lives in Darnassus which is quite a long way off, but I'm sure he'll be very grateful to learn what I've learned.","Bring Furen's Notes to Mathiel.","These are interesting, very interesting indeed. My dwarven colleague Furen has made quite a grand discovery!$B$BThank you, $N. It will be an honor to apply his new techniques to my own craftings.","","","","",""
1704,"Klockmort Spannerspan","I made a copy of my notes on the techniques I learned while making your armor, and need someone to take them to Klockmort Spannerspan.  He's a gnomish blacksmith in Ironforge and when he learns what I've learned... I bet he'll pull off his own beard in excitement.","Bring Furen's Notes to Klockmort Spannerspan.","Oh my! These notes are amazing! And what's more... they're incredible and they're stupendous and they make my knees go all a-wobbly!$B$BFuren had a breakthrough! A real breakthrough! I can't wait to try out his new technique!","","","","",""
1705,"Burning Blood","I hate to admit that Furen might have really found something.  But to be sure I'll need to try his techniques on a new piece of armor.  If you help me with the materials, $N, then you can have the armor.$B$BTo make this armor, I need samples of burning blood and a burning rock.$B$BThe only place I know to get them is Duskwood.  The Nightbane worgen based in the Roland's Doom mine have burning blood, and their leader Gutspill will have the rock.$B$BMay fortune grant you speed, $N.","Bring 20 vials of Burning Blood and 1 Burning Rock to Grimand Elmore in Stormwind.","Nice work! Now if you'll excuse me, I have some work to do myself...","","","","",""
1706,"Grimand's Armor","","",\N,"","","","",""
1707,"Water Pouch Bounty","Greetings $n - the name's Luglunket, and we've got an important job for you if you're up for it!  Huzzah!$B$BNothing would please me more as a seasoned spigot operator to take any Wastewander water pouches you might find out in the desert.  That's our water anyway - the nomads have just stolen it is all!  The Gadgetzan Water Company will offer you an official care package for every five you turn in.  Most importantly though, you're helping Gadgetzan help itself!","Bring 5 Wastewander Water Pouches to Spigot Operator Luglunket in Gadgetzan.","Excellent - the more water pouches we are able to reclaim, the further away from disaster we'll all be!  Keep 'em coming, and I will be sure to reward you for every five water pouches you bring me.","","","","",""
1708,"Iron Coral","I want to try Furen Longbeard's new techniques on my own piece of armor.  And because you helped Furen and he helped me, you're welcome to the armor after I make it!$B$BTo finish the piece, I need a special coral, searing coral.  It grows in only one place--along the coast south of Menethil Harbor in the Wetlands.$B$BBring me enough searing coral and I'll get right to work on the armor.  And hurry, $N.  I'm so eager to get started it's making my toes twist!","Bring 20 loads of Searing Coral to Klockmort Spannerspan in Ironforge.","That's the stuff! Well done! Now let me get this smelted and hammered so I can apply Furen's technique with my own and then we can see what happens!$B$BOh my, oh my! I just know the armor will be very very very tough!","","","","",""
1709,"Klockmort's Creation","","","Here's your armor, $N. Furen's process worked brilliantly! Perfectly! Marvelously, truly!$B$BYou could run this armor over with a siege engine and it would spring right back into shape!","","","","",""
1710,"Sunscorched Shells","My colleague, Furen Longbeard, made a discovery which I am eager to test.  I wish to try it on a new armor that I am researching, for I believe Furen's techniques will produce superior results.$B$BWill you help me?  If you gather what I need to make the armor, then I will make an extra piece for you.$B$BI need the sunscorched egg shells of the Highperch Wyverns who dwell at Highperch, in Thousand Needles.  Search for the shells below their nests, and return to me when you have a sufficient amount.","Bring 20 Sunscorched Shells to Mathiel in Darnassus.","Ah, thank you. These will work splendidly!$B$BI will begin fashioning the armor immediately...","","","","",""
1711,"Mathiel's Armor","","","I have finished with your piece of armor, and I am quite pleased. Furen's new techniques meshed perfectly with my own and I am sure this armor will prove to be quite resilient.$B$BThank you, $N. And may this serve you well in future battles.","","","","",""
1712,"Cyclonian","I have spent ages watching this site.  I watch, so that one day I might see the great Cyclonian fall.  But I have not yet found a champion to defeat the wind lord.$B$BPerhaps you are that champion.$B$BProve it to me.  Gather the items I need to summon Cyclonian, and I will know you are a great warrior.  Perhaps then you can defeat him and gain his whirlwind heart.$B$BIf so, then I will infuse the heart's power in a weapon, and I will give that weapon to you.$B$BHere is a parchment with the items I need.","Bring the items on Bath'rah's Parchment to Bath'rah the Windwatcher in Alterac.","You have gathered the items for my spell, and have shown me your strength and cunning. But the next stage of our quest is even more perilous.$b$bLet us hope your strength does not falter.","","","","",""
1713,"The Summoning","I am ready to perform the ritual to summon Cyclonian.  When he is summoned, you must defeat him and take his whirlwind heart.  This I will use to instill a weapon with Cyclonian's power.$B$B$N, are you ready to face the wind lord?","Bring the Whirlwind Heart to Bath'rah Windwatcher.","You did it! You defeated Cyclonian and gained the Whirlwind Heart!","","","","",""
1714,"Essence of the Exile","","","The charms sink slowly into the cauldron's depths...$B$BA large bubble rises to the surface of the liquid and breaks...$B$B...And a churning lump of molten rock is revealed.","","","","",""
1715,"The Slaughtered Lamb","Hmph. Times past, all warlocks in Khaz Modan were trained under the auspices of the masters of Gnomeregan, but now that we've all been forced to relocate into this rat's hole in Ironforge, and Magni's decided to keep a careful watch on us, we're forced to send our novices to Stormwind for training.$b$bLuckily, Gakin's no slouch, so you'll still learn what you need to know, but it burns my blood!$b$bAnyways, you'll find Gakin in the basement of the Slaughtered Lamb in Stormwind.","Report to Gakin the Darkbinder in the Mage Quarter of Stormwind.","Sent by Blackwrench, were you? Damn warlocks in Ironforge need to get things sorted out. There's only so much room and so many teachers in Stormwind. With all the increased traffic, we're sure to attract attention sooner or later.","","","","",""
1716,"Devourer of Souls","A succubus is a devourer of souls, destroyer of hearts, and dominator of minds. It knows nothing but evil.$b$bThis will be the creature you will learn to summon and control, but it cannot be brought into our world without a stimulus.$b$bWith a symbol of love as bait, it will surely answer your call. Then you can defeat it, and make it your tool.$b$bIt will be hard to find something of this nature, though. You should speak with Takar the Seer. You will find him in the Barrens of Kalimdor near Camp Taurajo.","Speak with Takar the Seer in the Barrens.","Was your crossing difficult, $N? You have come a long way to speak with me. But fear not, I know why Gakin has sent you, and he was wise to, for I can help you in your search.","","","","",""
1717,"Gakin's Summons","$n! Didn't expect to see you around these parts, but I was instructed to keep an eye out for you.$b$bIt's past time you got some more training, so you should stop in to see Gakin the next time you're in Stormwind. He'll be waiting for you.","Report to Gakin the Darkbinder in the Mage Quarter of Stormwind.","About time you showed up. Though, perhaps I should have sent someone more capable than Remen to find you.$B$BNo matter.$B$BYou've gone too long without training, and a warlock without training isn't like to keep his head on his shoulders for long.","","","","",""
1718,"The Islander","Your renown as a warrior grows, $N.  Now it is time to pit yourself against your peers and see where you stand.$B$BThere is an island off the coast of the Barrens, south of Ratchet.  It is called Fray Island and it is a place where warriors meet.$B$BMeet, and fight.$B$BSpeak with the chief warrior of Fray Island, Klannoc Macleod.  If he finds you worthy, then Klannoc will lead you further down the warrior's path.$B$BTo reach Fray Island, search for the sand bar shallows along the Merchant Coast.","Speak with Klannoc Macleod.","Hello, warrior.  It's good to see you made it to Fray Island.  I hope you find it to your liking...","","","","",""
1719,"The Affray","If you want to learn from me, then you must first pass The Affray.  It is a challenge we on Fray Island like to offer rising warriors who think they're tough, and if you can pass this test then I'll know you are.$B$BTo begin, walk into the middle of that crowd yonder and step on the grate.  That'll tell Twiggy Flathead you're ready, and he'll send challengers against you.$B$BBeat all the challengers and he'll call out Big Will.  Kill Big Will, and return to me in the time we allow.","Kill Big Will, then speak to Klannoc Macleod on Fray Island.","Well done, $N.  You have passed The Affray!$B$BYou are a worthy warrior, and I am honored to teach you...","Step on the grate to begin the Affray","","","",""
1738,"Heartswood","In preparation for your coming, I used my sight to look over the world and through the mists of time. I have found what it is you seek.$b$bIn the War of the Ancients, two lovers fell together in battle. Where they took their last breaths, a tree known as the heartswood grew, a symbol of their undying love.$b$bThat should be enough to tempt a succubus. You will find it in the ruins of Ordil'Aran in the northwestern part of the forest of Ashenvale.","Retrieve the Heartswood from Ashenvale and bring it to Gakin the Darkbinder in the Mage Quarter of Stormwind.","Yes, I can tell this will do nicely, let me just work with it for a moment...$B$BTakar is a resourceful fellow to have around, isn't he? If only I could persuade him to move back to civilization.","","","","",""
1739,"The Binding","Using the heartswood core, you will be able to cast a spell at the summoning circle in the crypt below to open a portal for the succubus to pass through.$b$bBe careful, $n, succubi have overrun even the strongest of minds.$b$bOnce you have bested and returned it to the void, return to me and I will show you how to call and control it.","Using the Heartswood Core, summon and subdue a succubus, then return the Heartswood Core to Gakin the Darkbinder in the Slaughtered Lamb.","Well done, well done, $N. I see we've done right in deciding to train you. Your performance certainly does not disappoint.$B$BI've no qualms in showing you the way to control your newly bound succubus. Observe carefully.","","","","",""
1740,"The Orb of Soran'ruk","When demons of the Legion fall out of favor, their spirits are imprisoned within orbs and distributed to their mages and warlocks.$b$bMany were carried by their servants in Azeroth. Even fragmented, they still possess the powers of the demons trapped inside.$b$bThe orb of Soran'ruk was broken into two pieces, one was further broken to be used by the acolytes of the Twilight's Hammer in Blackfathom Deeps. The other, larger piece, was possessed by a wizard in Shadowfang Keep. Find them and I can reform it.","Find 3 Soran'ruk Fragments and 1 Large Soran'ruk Fragment and return them to Doan Karhan in the Barrens.","Yes... The orb was not greatly fragmented, and almost all of the pieces are here. It is a simple thing to recreate them, to make Soran'ruk whole again.$B$BI have dedicated my life to the study of the Burning Legion's orbs and their recreation. You have done me a favor collecting these pieces to study, and I will give you them back - fully reconstructed - in a form of your choosing.","","","","",""
1758,"Tome of the Cabal","It will take more than a simple summoning circle to bring forth a felhunter for you to challenge.$b$bMy three acolytes and I will assist in creating the magic circles. You require a copy of the Tome of the Cabal, which has been lost to us for some time. It was written by the first group of warlocks to summon a felhunter unaided.$b$bPerhaps Krom Stoutarm can help you with this. An itinerant warlock these days, he spends his days hoarding ancient texts and skulking about the library in Ironforge.","Speak with Krom Stoutarm in Ironforge.","Tome of Cabal? Hmm...sounds familiar. I have never seen it here before, though--and believe me, I remember every book I read. $B$BHmm... Ah, yes!$B$BI have seen reference to it in library cataloging books.","","","","",""
1778,"The Tome of Divinity","I'm going to see about making plans to return home soon. Hopefully, Stephanie is doing well back in Stormwind. I can't wait to see her again. Till next we meet, $c.","Speak to Tiza Battleforge in Ironforge.","So, you've returned so quickly, huh? And what pray tell have you accomplished in your time away from here?$B$BWere you able to help a noble cause? Perhaps you've learned the value of charity or some more about your obligations to the citizens of Azeroth. Tell me, who have you helped and how.... Impressive, $N, those are surely the actions of one who follows the Light.$B$BSuch sacrifice will always be rewarded in time.","","","","",""
1779,"The Tome of Divinity","I want you to take this, $N. It is called the Symbol of Life.$B$BYou've proven charitable and patient, and now I want you to prove just how adept you've become in both combat, and power.$B$BMy husband Muiredon returned recently from an encounter with some Dark Iron dwarves, and he barely escaped with his life--he's over there having his wounds healed by one of our priests.$B$BTake the Symbol and speak to him. If you can help him, then we will speak again soon. May the Light shine upon you.","Take the Symbol of Life and speak to Muiredon Battleforge in Ironforge.","*cough*$B$BGood day to ya, $C. Don't mind me wounds, the good priest 'ere'll take care of ol' Muiredon in time. Not needin' the power of that Symbol of Life ya got there quite yet.$B$BSo, me wife sent ya o'er to speak to me, huh? Fair 'nough. I'll take the time to talk to ya-I'll tell ya exactly wut happened to Muiredon and his best friend Narm, a $C jus' like yerself.","","","","",""
1780,"The Tome of Divinity","I'll take these to the children this very day. Please be safe, good $c. It is not often $G men:women; of your character show their faces in the city, but you've proven that the paladins here in Stormwind shall never turn their backs on those in need.$B$BFarewell.","Speak to Duthorian Rall in Stormwind.","You've returned so quickly, $N. And what have you accomplished in your time away from the Cathedral?$B$BHave you helped a noble cause? Perhaps you've learned the value of charity or some more about your obligations to the citizens of Azeroth. Tell me, who have you helped and how... Well, I'm impressed, $N, those are surely the actions of one who follows the Light and values others above oneself.$B$BSuch sacrifice will always be rewarded in time.","","","","",""
1781,"The Tome of Divinity","Take this, $N. It is called the Symbol of Life.$B$BYou've proven charitable and patient, and now the time has come to see if you're powerful enough to focus one of the Light's greatest gifts.$B$BMy friend Gazin returned recently from an encounter with some Defias in Elwynn near Heroes' Vigil--he barely escaped with his life. He's near the altar having his wounds healed by our priests.$B$BTake the Symbol and speak to him. If you can help him, then we will speak again soon. May you bask in the Light's glory.","Take the Symbol of Life to Gazin Tenorm in Stormwind.","*cough*$B$BPleasure to meet you, $R. Don't mind my wounds, the good priest here can take care of ol' Gazin this time. I won't be needing the power of that Symbol of Life you've got there... not yet anyway.$B$BSo, Duthorian sent you to speak to me, huh? Fair enough. I'll tell you exactly what befell me and my friend Henze. And with any luck, and some skill on your part, perhaps you can still help us all.","","","","",""
1782,"Furen's Armor","","","Here's your armor, $N. This will stand up to the strongest assaults or my name isn't Furen Longbeard!$B$BAnd I have to thank you. I learned a lot while working with the materials$Byou brought me. I think I'll have another breakthrough one day!$B$BI'm going to send what I learned to other$Bblacksmiths of the Alliance.$B$BI'll tell them you were a big help, and maybe they'll want to return the favor.","","","","",""
1783,"The Tome of Divinity","We was spyin' on some of the Dark Iron dwarves that've bunkered down south of Helm's Bed Lake. We knew they was up to no good, so Narm an' me thought we'd take a closer look--got ta see their leader given orders to some o' his men.$B$BNarm an' me took the chance to kill a few of 'em, but they proved tougher than we thought, an' more of 'em got the jump on us. Narm tol' me to run an' get support, so 'ere I am.$B$BNarm needs help, an' I'll not rest till he gets it.$B$BC'n ya help, $N?","Take the Symbol of Life and resurrect Narm Faulk in Dun Morogh.","I can't thank you enough, $gbrother:sister;.$B$BI can only assume that Tiza and Muiredon sent you here to aid me if you carry the Symbol of Life.$B$BIt's true, I fell to the Dark Iron while trying to attain one of the scripts: I was able to hold on long enough to allow Muiredon to escape, but the Light had almost embraced me fully when you came along. The fact that you were powerful enough to use the Symbol means great things for you, but there's time to speak of that later.","","","","",""
1784,"The Tome of Divinity","Before I fell in battle, Muiredon and I had almost defeated one of the Dark Iron spies near that small house. We witnessed their captain passing orders to them, and sought to kill him and take the orders.$B$BSome of the council in Ironforge do not yet believe the presence of Dark Iron dwarves exists in Dun Morogh. By attaining one of those scripts, we'll not only have proof of their movements, but possibly an idea of what they're planning.$B$BGet one of those scripts and take it back to Muiredon, $N.","Retrieve a Dark Iron Script from the Dark Iron dwarves near Helm's Bed, and return to Muiredon Battleforge in Ironforge.","Haha! You've done it! Ya saved Narm, and ya found the proof me wife needs to take to the council. Yer a blessin' o' the Light if I ever saw one... not includin' me wife o' course.$B$BThank ya again, $N.","","","","",""
1785,"The Tome of Divinity","I c'n see me wife's o'er there beamin' wit pride already. Ya better get yer tuchus o'er there pronto. I be thinkin' she'd have some words wit ya.$B$BLight be witcha, mighty $c. I'll be lookin' fer ya on the battlefield against the Scourge and dem Dark Irons when the time comes.","Speak to Tiza Battleforge in Ironforge.","You've done all of Ironforge a great favor today, $N. I'm proud to count you among us, and if you feel you're ready, I would like to bless you with this scroll. The Symbol of Life would only have worked when used by a $C who was ready for one of the Light's greatest blessings-the power to restore the dead back to life.$B$BI will teach you the ability to resurrect your companions. Use it wisely, $N, and thank you, on behalf of myself, my husband, and Ironforge.","","","","",""
1786,"The Tome of Divinity","Henze and I had made it to Heroes' Vigil, an island in the middle of Stone Cairn Lake in northeastern Elwynn. We'd heard the Defias had infiltrated our borders and we wanted proof to take to the king's advisors.$B$BWe caught sight of a couple of the scum going over some documents, and we attacked. Unfortunately, we were quickly overwhelmed by more of the mages.$B$BHenze held them off for me while I escaped... the daft fool, going and being brave.$B$BHe's out there now, Henze is. Can you help us, $N?","Take the Symbol of Life and resurrect Henze Faulk in Elwynn.","Thank you, $Gbrother:sister;.$B$BSeeing you wield the Symbol of Life, may I assume Duthorian or Gazin sent you?$B$BI fell to the Defias spell casters while Gazin and I tried to get their plans from them: I was able to hold on long enough to allow Gazin to escape, but in the end, their magics overwhelmed me.$B$BBut you were able to bring me back: the ability to use the Symbol doesn't come to just anyone, $N. It bodes well for you that you were able to empower it with your own faith.","","","","",""
1787,"The Tome of Divinity","We'll have time to talk more about the Symbol at a later time. What's important now is to get those papers we saw the Defias going over. If we can get our hands on them, we'll be able to prove the Defias have infiltrated Elwynn and hopefully gain some insight into what their plans are.$B$BI'm in no shape for battle as of now, $N. Do you think you're strong enough to get those papers from the Defias here on the island?$B$BIf you're able to get them, bring them back to Gazin and let him know I'm all right.","Retrieve a Defias Script from the Defias Rogue Wizards in Elwynn, and return to Gazin Tenorm in Stormwind.","Wonderful! You made it, and saved Henze. The Light is with you for sure, $N!","","","","",""
1788,"The Tome of Divinity","I'll take the script to the King's advisors after Duthorian's taken a look at them, but in the meantime, you should go speak to Duthorian now. He'll be wanting to pat you on the back for sure!$B$BThank you again, $N. I hope we meet again. You're surely an ally I'm proud to call friend.","Speak to Duthorian Rall in Stormwind.","You've done well this day, $N. You should take some pride in what you've accomplished.$B$BEven more so, you should be proud of your abilities. Not everyone can use the power of the Symbol of Life. Calling upon the Light to bring back the dead means you're prepared for one of the $C's greatest honors: the power of resurrection.$B$BYou shall have the power to bring back fallen companions much like you did for Henze.$B$BBe well, $N. The Light shines upon you and you should welcome it wholly.","","","","",""
1789,"The Symbol of Life","","","Make haste, $N, more than one life hangs in the balance if you fail.$B$BIf for some reason you fail to help Muiredon and Narm, then return to me and I will give you another Symbol of Life for your travels.$B$BDon't mistake my aid as simple charity, you must prove yourself worthy like any other $C and continual failure may reflect upon you later.","","","","",""
1790,"The Symbol of Life","","","Make haste, $N, more than one life hangs in the balance if you fail.$B$BIf for some reason you fail to help Gazin and Henze, then return to me and I will give you another Symbol of Life for your travels.$B$BDon't mistake my aid as simple charity, you must prove yourself worthy like any other $C and continual failure may reflect upon you later.","","","","",""
1791,"The Windwatcher","Now that you've learned your berserker's stance, you'll want a nice weapon to use it with.$B$BTalk to Bath'rah the Windwatcher, a troll hermit who lives between the Alterac Mountains and the Western Plaguelands.  He is a skilled weapon maker and a powerful shaman.$B$BTo find Bath'rah, go to the river that flows along Tarren Mill's eastern flank.  Follow it north--Bath'rah is camped near ruins that rest along the river's eastern bank.","Speak with Bath'rah the Windwatcher.","You have traveled far, young warrior.  I see fire in your eyes.  You seek a weapon of great power, yes?$B$BI can help you with your quest.  And you can help me with mine.","","","","",""
1792,"Whirlwind Weapon","","","I have the whirlwind heart, and am ready to place it within your vessel of choice.$B$BChoose your weapon, $N, and know that its power is the power of Cyclonian.","","","","",""
1793,"The Tome of Valor","","","It has been proven that the Light is with you, $N, but as times grow more dangerous, it becomes important to know what strength lies beneath the flesh. When demons, dragons, or any other evil set foot in your lands, your mettle will be tested. Will you be strong enough?$B$BBravery, regardless of the situation, is as much a part of paladinhood as the Light, your armor, and your weapon. Protecting the weak, and not losing faith are two more lessons you must master while you study in the Cathedral of Light.","","","","",""
1794,"The Tome of Valor","","",\N,"","","","",""
1795,"The Binding","If you're are sufficiently prepared, then we should begin. Let me explain the process to you.$b$bI will begin by creating the basic summoning circle. When that is finished, my acolytes will use the rods of channeling to create the greater circle.$b$bOnce that is done, read the incantation from the Tome of the Cabal, and the felhunter will be pulled forth. Be careful, $n. A felhunter is a powerful foe, and I'd like to see you keep your head on your shoulders.","Using the Tome of the Cabal, summon and subdue a felhunter, then return the Tome of the Cabal to Strahad Farsan in Ratchet.","I must say I'm impressed, $N. When I faced down my felhunter, I barely escaped with my life. I sense that you have the potential to become one of the most powerful warlocks of this era.","","","","",""
1796,"Components for the Enchanted Gold Bloodrobe","The first item I will aid you in creating is a robe. You will gather the items for me, and we will put them together. Afterwards, assuming you succeed, you will have the first of many items that will make you more powerful and aid you in your struggles.$B$BTo start, you must have crafted Robes of Arcana. A tailor can make this for you, or perhaps you can purchase one from someone else--I'd be most impressed if you could make it yourself--but regardless, bring me the robes, and we shall go from there.","Bring Robes of the Arcana to Menara Voidrender in the Barrens.","This will do nicely, $N.$B$BAll magical items must begin with an item of high quality. The more effort and skill put into an item, the greater the magics it can hold. Rare and more expensive components hold the magic better. You will not regret having the robes fashioned into the ones we will make for you later on.","","","","",""
1798,"Seeking Strahad","It is time you learned the felhunter summoning, $n. I do not have the reagents and items necessary to teach you here, so you will have to seek out another, Strahad Farsan, another of our inner circle.$b$bHe makes his residence in the goblin port of Ratchet. I will send word ahead of you to inform him of your coming.","Speak with Strahad Farsan in the Barrens.","$N? Ah, of course. Our latest prodigy. The real thing can not live up to the legend, I am afraid. $B$BNo matter, you have come here to learn, not to hear me make jokes to myself.","","","","",""
1799,"Fragments of the Orb of Orahil","Good, then we shall begin.$B$BThe first thing you must do is speak to my acolytes inside. Choose one of their paths to follow--they will explain more.$B$BSecond, you must travel to Desolace and find an Infernal Orb from one of the warlocks of Mannoroc Coven. It is that orb that you will cleanse with the help of a mage named Tabetha deep in southern Dustwallow Marsh. She will aid you because of our history together.$B$BAgain, do not come back until you have done both things I've asked.","Speak to Menara's acolytes inside the tower above Ratchet and choose one of their paths to follow.$B$BAfterwards, bring an Infernal Orb to Tabetha in Dustwallow Marsh.","Oh, so Menara sent you. Fair enough... I suppose you may stay as my guest for the time being. But you must be on some pressing business - perhaps you're here seeking lost power? Maybe I'm mistaken. Maybe corruption isn't too far away from you after all.","","","","",""
1801,"Tome of the Cabal","It will take more than a simple summoning circle to bring forth a felhunter for you to challenge.$b$bMy three acolytes and I will assist in creating the magic circles. You require a copy of the Tome of the Cabal, which has been lost to us for some time. It was written by the first group of warlocks to summon a felhunter unaided.$b$bPerhaps Jorah Annison can help you with this. He's employed as a cartographer in the Undercity these days, but still knows more of ancient texts than any I know.","Speak with Jorah Annison in the Undercity.","Map making! Pictures, estimations of reality. I have no use for such things.$b$bIn books, narrative, description! That is where truth lies. I would trade all the maps in this store for one book on the rise of necromancy, or a tale of the Dark Lady's triumph.","","","","",""
1802,"Tome of the Cabal","It was lost, but there's some idea as to where it might be found.$b$bThere was only one copy ever made and it was vandalized at some point, a large portion of it ripped from the binding. Rumor has it that it somehow passed into the hands of the centaur of Thousand Needles.$b$bThe rest was lost off the coast west of Southshore, where it was to be transported to Menethil Harbor by boat. It never arrived.$b$bIn exchange for this knowledge, all I ask is that if you find it, bring it to me to see.","Retrieve the Moldy Tome and Tattered Manuscript for Krom Stoutarm in Ironforge.","Fantastic! Now I may join the ranks of the few that have spied its contents.$B$BI can't wait to further peruse this text. This is a great day, $N! If you will just allow me to glance at it before you leave. I'm sure that Strahad will be willing to send me a copy.","","","","",""
1803,"Tome of the Cabal","Ah! I see that you are a warlock of similar tastes to mine. Indeed, acquiring the Tome of the Cabal is a worthy aspiration. Did you know that it was once held within the walls of Lordaeron? It was vandalized though, almost half its pages removed. Who would commit such a heinous act?$b$bThat half is lost, though rumor says that it fell into the hands of the centaur of the Thousand Needles.$b$bThe rest of the text was to be transferred to Ironforge, but was lost in transit on the coast west of Southshore.","Retrieve the Moldy Tome and Tattered Manuscript for Jorah Annison in the Undercity.","Well well well! What do we have here?$B$BThis is impressive, $N. I wouldn't have thought it possible, but here it is in my very hands, the complete Tome of the Cabal.$B$BAllow me to leaf through its pages for just a moment before you are off again.","","","","",""
1804,"Tome of the Cabal","Well, ah, it's hard to let it go. But you found it, and you have more important things to do with it, of course. Just, please, be sure to mention to Strahad that I wanted a copy.$b$bWhile you were out, he sent a message for you. He wanted me to tell you that for his acolytes to assist with the summoning, you'll have to acquire three rods of channeling.$b$bHe might not know where to find them, but I do! They were last used by the orcs of the Dragonmaw clan in the Wetlands. I'd check their spellcasters!","Bring the Reconstructed Tome and 3 Rods of Channeling to Strahad Farsan in Ratchet.","Well done! The Tome of the Cabal and three pristine--slightly scratched, I suppose--rods of channeling.$B$BThis will be interesting. It's been some time since a young $C took on a felhunter to make his own.","","","","",""
1805,"Tome of the Cabal","This is one of the most interesting texts I have perused in the last few years. The selection here is sparse--mostly books on geography--and I have already read them all. I should hope that Strahad would send me a copy of this tome when he has the chance.$b$bSpeaking of him, he sent word to me while you were away. For your task, you must obtain three rods of channeling.$b$bFor allowing me to look at this text, I will share a secret: You can find the rods on orcs of the Dragonmaw Clan in the Wetlands.","Bring the Reconstructed Tome and 3 Rods of Channeling to Strahad Farsan in Ratchet.","Well done! The Tome of the Cabal and three pristine--slightly scratched, I suppose--rods of channeling.$B$BThis will be interesting. It's been some time since a young $C took on a felhunter to make his own.","","","","",""
1806,"The Test of Righteousness","Why don't we go over to the forge and get started on this? I've been preparing for your arrival for some time, so it shouldn't take long at all.$B$BWhen we're done, you'll be far more prepared to defend the Light than you have been, this much I swear.$B$BI'll be somewhat honest, $N, seeing the results of your exploits makes me somewhat envious. But knowing that I can contribute to your adventures in my own significant way does bring me some joy.","Wait for Jordan Stilwell to finish forging a weapon for you.","Here it is, $N. A weapon worthy of a champion of the Light such as yourself. I've named it after a great dwarven paladin who was a friend of mine. His name was Verigan... Bosch Verigan.$B$BPlease take it on behalf of myself and my wife. We owe you a great debt, and the world will be a safer place with one of your skill traveling the land.","","","","",""
1818,"Speak with Dillinger","I was told Deathguard Dillinger has a job for someone like you.  If you're willing to show your value to the Dark Lady's forces, then report to Dillinger immediately.$B$BDeathguard Dillinger's post is on the west end of Brill, near the graveyard.","Speak with Deathguard Dillinger in Brill.","You're here for a mission?  Good.  I have an important one, and one that will test your skill in combat... and your resolve in the defense of the Forsaken.","","","","",""
1819,"Ulag the Cleaver","When the Scourge swept through Tirisfal Glades, we captured one to study.  He had a free mind, and called himself Ulag the Cleaver.  But, although his will was free, he was still enthralled by the Lich King.$B$BWe hoped to find a way to break the king's control over Ulag, but we failed.  Now, finally, it is time to free him.  $B$BFree him, and kill him.$B$BActivate the skull stone trigger near the mausoleum to the north.  This will lift the magical seal that binds him.$B$BThen... be ready, $N.","Kill Ulag the Cleaver, then speak with Deathguard Dillinger.","Well done, $N.  Ulag was no minor agent of the Scourge.  You have shown the Deathguards, and hence the Dark Lady, that you are a warrior of skill and resolve, and are worthy of further instruction.","","","","",""
1820,"Speak with Coleman","You have proven your value to the Dark Lady, now perhaps you can prove yourself to one of her subjects.$B$BColeman Farthing awaits a warrior who is willing to be his instrument of revenge against the Forsaken's enemies.$B$BYou will find him in the Gallow's End Tavern in eastern Brill.","Speak with Coleman Farthing.","Yes, it is true.  I have need for your skills in combat.  My means are small, but my task aids both me and the Forsaken's cause.  Do it, and your reward will be twofold.","","","","",""
1821,"Agamand Heirlooms","The Agamand family were my employers in life, and they were the cause of my death!  It is fitting that the Agamands are now mindless minions of the Lich King.$B$BNow I would have their last vestiges of honor.  Go into their family crypt and rob them of their family heirlooms: a sword, an axe, a dagger and a mace.  Bring them to me!$B$BThe Agamand family crypt is at the north end of the Agamand mills, protected by lurking scourge and dead Agamands.","Bring Coleman Farthing the Agamand Family Axe, the Agamand Family Sword, the Agamand Family Mace and the Agamand Family dagger.","Ah! You retrieved them! Now the last semblance of honor and memory is stripped from the cursed Agamand lands. The family truly is no more!","","","","",""
1822,"Heirloom Weapon","","","I will keep three of the weapons you returned to me, as mementos of my pain and loss. But please, $N, choose your favorite of the heirlooms and keep it for yourself.$B$BMay it serve you greater than it served its cursed, former owners.","","","","",""
1823,"Speak with Ruga","You are a warrior of skill and growing renown.  Perhaps you are ready for Ruga Ragetotem's trial?  If so, then find Ruga in Camp Taurajo in the Barrens.$B$BHe awaits those warriors who answer his call.","Speak with Ruga Ragetotem.","You are here for my trial, $N?","","","","",""
1824,"Trial at the Field of Giants","To pass this trial, you must travel south to the Field of Giants.  There you will find a host of crawling, insect creatures.  They are new to the Barrens and I do not like what they herald.$B$BBring me their still-twitching antennae, and waste no time, $N, for harvested antennae will not twitch for long.  Bring me the antennae in the time allowed, and you will pass the trial.","Bring 5 twitching antennae to Ruga Ragetotem at Camp Taurajo","Nicely done, $N! In passing the trial at the Field of Giants, you take one more step down the $C's path.","","","","",""
1825,"Speak with Thun'grim","Thun'grim Firegaze, an orc blacksmith of renown, has heard of your continued deeds of valor in service of the Horde.  He would like to fashion for you a suit of armor, and bids you speak with him immediately.$B$BThun'grim is camped east of the Crossroads in the Barrens.","Speak with Thun'grim Firegaze in the Barrens.","Yes, you have come. This is good, for we have much to discuss, you and I.","","","","",""
1838,"Brutal Armor","I have heard tales of your strength and valor, and wish to make for you a suit of armor, a companion to aid you as tales of your great deeds grow.$B$BBut the fashioning of this armor will be a quest unto itself, $N.  I will need your help, and the help of other smiths of the Horde.$B$BHere, take this scroll.  I spent many nights, struggling with near-blind eyes, writing that which I need for the armor.  Bring me the items on this scroll and I will create for you the first piece of the suit.","Bring to Thun'grim Firegaze 15 Smoky Iron Ingots, 10 Powdered Azurite, 10 Iron Bars and a Vial of Phlogiston.","You brought all that I asked. Now, I will do my part...","","","","",""
1839,"Ula'elek and the Brutal Gauntlets","The troll smith Ula'elek will craft for you the brutal gauntlets.  He dwells in Durotar, in Sen'jin Village with his Darkspear brethren, and he awaits your coming.","Speak with Ula'elek in Durotar.","Greetings, $N. Old Thun'grim sent word to me of your coming, but had he kept silent your presence here would not have surprised me.$B$BThe spirits follow your progress, young $C, and they tell me that many foes have fallen before you.","","","","",""
1840,"Orm Stonehoof and the Brutal Helm","Orm Stonehoof is respected greatly for his skill.  He will make for you the brutal helm.$B$BSeek him out in Thunder Bluff, near the pool by the city's great, central totem.","Speak with Orm Stonehoof in Thunder Bluff.","Greetings, $C. I am Orm, and Thun'grim tells me you wish a helm made?","","","","",""
1841,"Velora Nitely and the Brutal Legguards","It is said that, before her death, Velora Nitely was one of the finest armorsmiths in Lordaeron.  Death, it seems, has not decreased her talents.  Speak with Velora--she will make your brutal legguards.$B$BVelora plies her trade in the Undercity of Lordaeron, in the trade quarter.","Speak with Velora Nitely in the Undercity.","You are here for leg armor? Great!$b$bUm... am I making the armor for you, or are you making it for me?$b$bThat was joke. Was it funny? I can't tell... I lost my sense of humor the same time I lost my sense of smell. Which was about the same time I stopped breathing.","","","","",""
1842,"Satyr Hooves","I can make you a pair of brutal gauntlets, and great magic will they hold.  But first, you must collect this magic and bring it to me.$B$BThe satyrs dwell in northeastern Ashenvale because of the forest's power.  They feed off its purity, leeching and corrupting.  You can tell which satyrs have drawn the most of Ashenvale's magic by their swollen, uncloven hooves.$B$BThese hooves hold great power.  I will need them for your gauntlets' crafting.","Bring 7 Uncloven Satyr Hooves to Ula'elek at Sen'jin Village in Durotar","Ah, you have them! Now, just as the Satyrs leeched the strength of Ashenvale, I will leech the power held within these hooves and harness it into my crafting...","","","","",""
1843,"Brutal Gauntlets","","","Thank you, $N. These gauntlets are my best work. Take them. In wearing them, you bring honor to me and my ancestors.","","","","",""
1844,"Chimaeric Horn","I will make you the helm, but you must show me you are worthy of it.$B$BNestled in the northwestern reaches of the Stonetalon Mountains there lies the Charred Vale.  It was once a verdant place, but is now defiled and ashen, and what creatures remain there are mad with pain and despair.$B$BThat place is where I send you, $N.$B$BYou must go to the Charred Vale and find a chimaera matriarch.  Slay her, free her of her misery.  Bring me her galvanized horn as proof, and I shall make for you the helm. ","Bring a Galvanized Horn to Orm Stonehoof in Thunder Bluff.","You have completed your task, $N, and shown me your worth and resolve. The helm will be yours...","","","","",""
1845,"Brutal Helm","","","I give this helm to you.$B$BGreat deeds brought you to me, $N, and Earthmother willing... even greater deeds lie before you.","","","","",""
1846,"Dragonmaw Shinbones","To make the brutal leg guards, I need a brace of sturdy shinbones.  The Dragonmaw orcs of the Wetlands have nice, thick shinbones.  I'll need theirs.$B$BBut they must be sturdy.  Be sure to test the shinbones as you collect them.  If you can break them with your bare hands, then they won't be sturdy enough to work with.","Bring 8 Sturdy Dragonmaw Shinbones to Velora Nitely in the Undercity.","Well done! These all look strong. I think they'll do quite nicely. How did those orcs mind you taking their shins, $N? Complain much?$B$BThat was another joke. You're not laughing.$B$BI'm not very funny these days, am I...","","","","",""
1847,"Brutal Legguards","","","Here are your legguards, $N. Let me know how they fit or if you need any modifications. I aim to please! At least I used to.$B$BThese days I don't care much for my craft. But it beats being a mindless minion of the Scourge!$B$BI guess.","","","","",""
1848,"Brutal Hauberk","","","I am sure you endured much hardship and shed much blood on my task, $N. Here is the product of your toil.$B$BMay you wear it well, and may you one day return here with stories of its service to you.","","","","",""
1858,"The Shattered Hand","I'll leave it to you to get Tazan's satchel open, and return to me with its contents. The locking mechanism is complex, so it would probably be easiest if you obtained the key.$b$bAs you didn't find it on Tazan's body, I can only assume that he left the key in the care of another... Ah, yes, that's right. He had an assistant named Gamon. A drunkard, you'll most likely find him at the tavern. Perhaps you could quietly relieve him of the key.","Steal Tazan's key, then use it to open his Satchel and deliver its contents to Therzok in the Cleft of Shadow in Orgrimmar.","Hmmm, now this is interesting. You've more than proved your worth with this, Weir. I am quite impressed. Consider yourself the newest member of the Shattered Hand. And take this, it will be a great help to you in the future, I think.","","","","",""
1859,"Therzok","Lower your voice, $n. Yeah, I know your name. Was told to keep an eye out for an orc by your description.$b$bFrom what we've heard about you, you can handle yourself in combat, and aren't opposed to a little sneakery from time to time.$b$bAm I right?$b$bAnyways, you should go see Therzok in Orgrimmar. He's got an offer for you to hear.","Speak with Therzok in the Cleft of Shadow in Orgrimmar.",\N,"","","","",""
1860,"Speak with Jennea","We mages have a task that needs doing.  One that is vital to the safety of Stormwind and Elwynn forest.$B$BJennea Cannon has the details.  She studies in the wizard's sanctum, in the mage district of Stormwind.  You should make your way to her with haste.","Speak with Jennea Cannon in Stormwind.",\N,"","","","",""
1861,"Mirror Lake","This world has been victim to massive mystic struggles, which tore magic currents from once stable channels.  We struggle to determine the effects these changes have caused, and some of us fear the worst!$B$BBut I will reveal more of this later.  Right now, we need you to gather information.$B$BHere, take this flask.  Go to the base of the waterfall at Mirror Lake, southwest of the Stormwind gates, and retrieve a sample of the water there.  Return it to me so that I might test it for magical taints.","Bring a Mirror Lake sample to Jennea Cannon in Stormwind.","Thank you, $N. I will test this water for magical properties. Let us hope that it contains none, or we may find that those who drink from Mirror Lake for too long will be adversely affected.$B$BHere, $N. Take this orb or staff as a token of your service. May it serve you well.","","","","",""
1878,"Water Pouch Bounty","","","Excellent - the more water pouches we are able to reclaim, the further away from disaster we'll all be!  Keep 'em coming, and I will be sure to reward you for every five water pouches you bring me.","","","","",""
1879,"Speak with Bink","$N!  Bink, my gnome colleague in Ironforge, sends word.  She has a task that needs doing and won't rely on anyone but a mage to do it!  Are you that mage, $N?$B$BIf so, then speak with Bink.  She spends her time in the Hall of Mysteries in the Mystic Ward of Ironforge.","Speak with Bink in Ironforge.",\N,"","","","",""
1880,"Mage-tastic Gizmonitor","We mages do more than just waggle our fingers and make pretty sparks!  We control magic, the base fabric of our world!  And that takes great care, and resolve.  And knowledge... so much knowledge!$B$BOne of my devices, the mage-tastic gizmonitor, collects and stores that knowledge in huge amounts!  But it's lost!  When we fled our home of Gnomeregan, I left it in a chest in one of our huts outside the city, and now the place is crawling with leper gnomes!$B$BPlease, $N, retrieve my gizmonitor!","Bring Bink her Mage-tastic Gizmonitor.","Oh, splendid day! When I made the gizmonitor I never realized how dependent on it I would become. Now I can begin my studies anew!$B$BThank you, $N! And here - these were my first tools as a $C. They're a little scratched but they're well tested. Take your pick - I'm sure you'll find either of them useful.","","","","",""
1881,"Speak with Anastasia","$N, Anastasia Hartwell has a task for someone of your talents.  Speak with her in the Magic Quarter of the Undercity, and prepare yourself for your first task for the mages of the Forsaken.","Speak with Anastasia Hartwell.","Greetings, $N.  You were wise to answer my call, and wiser still if you heed what I next say...","","","","",""
1882,"The Balnir Farmstead","The Plaguelands to the east are an aberration.  Devised by the Lich King, they spread their magic into the soil, corrupting and killing all that live.  Although there is a certain charm to the destructive forces of the plague, we, the mages of the Forsaken, believe it is unruly and must be curtailed.$B$BBut first, we must measure how far it has spread into Tirisfal.  Go to the Balnir Farmstead in eastern Tirisfal.  In the garden are flowers--snapdragons.  Gather these and return.","Bring Balnir Snapdragons to Anastasia Hartwell in the Mage Quarter of the Undercity.","Ah, a fine specimen this is.  I will send it to be studied by our apothecaries to determine the extent of the Plagueland's taint.$B$BWell done, $N.  For your services, I present to you this choice: an orb or staff.  Whichever you choose, you will find it quite useful.","","","","",""
1883,"Speak with Un'thuwa","Un'thuwa, tribal mage of Sen'jin Village, detects a disturbance in the magic currents of Durotar and asks for aid.  Speak with Un'thuwa and do what you can to help him.$B$BDo this, and in time further secrets will be revealed to you.","Speak with Un'thuwa.",\N,"","","","",""
1884,"Ju-Ju Heaps","The warlock Zalazane of the Echo Isles has disrupted the normal flow of magic in Durotar.  He does this through tainted fetishes, ju-ju heaps, which he has placed among his huts on the main Echo Isle.$B$BThese heaps corrupt our wildlife and give power to the warlocks and infernal creatures that lurk in the land's dark corners.$B$BYou must destroy the ju-ju heaps, $N, before the flow of magic is forever altered.","Destroy 4 Ju-Ju Heaps, then return to Un'thuwa in Sen'jin Village.","I sense that Zalazane's ju-ju heaps were destroyed, and with time, and luck, the flow of magic in Durotar will return to normal.$b$bA great deed you have done for your people, $N. And you have shown your worth to us, the mages of the Horde.","","Ju-Ju Heaps Destroyed","","",""
1885,"Mennet Carkad","$n? Not quite what I was expecting, considering Carkad himself has taken an interest to you. Looks can be deceiving though, right?$b$bEither way, you should go see him as soon as possible. You wouldn't want to know what happened to the last few that chose to ignore his summons.","Speak with Mennet Carkad in the Rogues' Quarter of the Undercity.","Hm. No doubt you made your way here at first mention of my summons, yes? Of course. I would expect no less from a prospective Deathstalker.","","","","",""
1886,"The Deathstalkers","If you wish to join the Deathstalkers, Lord Varimathras' elite guard, you will have to prove your worth.$b$bI will not lie to you, $n, this task could mean your death.$b$bI have some things that need attending to. I require the personal effects of Astor Hadren, a messenger who travels between Silverpine and the Undercity. I will leave the method of procurement to your discretion.$b$bIt will be better for you if you know less of the nature of this business. Succeed and I shall tell you more.","Get Astor's Letter of Introduction and return it to Mennet Carkad in the Rogues' Quarter.","Well done, $N. You've passed the first part of this test. Hopefully Andron will not have caught wind of your activities, and we will be able to convince him that you are, in fact, the messenger he is expecting.","","","","",""
1898,"The Deathstalkers","The letter of introduction should be enough to convince Andron that you are the messenger he's been waiting for. I've met Andron before, he doesn't quite have the mental capacity to be that suspicious.$b$bLord Varimathras suspects that Andron has been providing aid to some other group. He wishes to know what organization this is and requires proof of it.$b$bI want you to speak with Andron, and obtain this information. You'll find him at his shop near the Apothecarium.","Speak with Andron Gant in the Undercity.","Ah, yes, I've been expecting you. I have no doubt our mutual acquaintances are pleased with the information that I have provided so far?$B$BI suppose there's no point in asking you, I doubt they would burden you with this knowledge. Why place so much trust in the messenger, hm?","","","","",""
1899,"The Deathstalkers","You'll find the ledger with the information your employers seek on the bookshelf behind me. Deliver it with my regards, and tell them that I would prefer it if they sent you, if they find enough value that they should wish to continue our arrangement.","Bring Astor's Ledger to Mennet Carkad in the Rogues' Quarter of Undercity.","Well, this is certainly more information than I suspected to get out of Andron. Give me a moment to peruse it, before I set you to your next task.","","","","",""
1918,"The Befouled Element","The slain elemental has produced an intensely glowing globe of water.  The contents of the globe are, at best, disgusting.  It would be safe to assume that whatever has befouled the water of Mystral Lake is most likely present in the water of the globe.$B$BIt's not exactly common knowledge who might be interested in such a find; perhaps the person who originally sent you out to the lake, Mastok Wrilehiss at Splintertree Post, might have an idea.","Bring the Befouled Water Globe to Mastok Wrilehiss at Splintertree Post, Ashenvale.","You find a nasty ball of water and decide to bring it to me?  Who am I, the Earthen Ring or something?$B$BActually, that does give me an idea... perhaps you do need the Earthen Ring for this.  I mean, if it helps clear up the situation at the lake for good, then I'm all for it.$B$BYou know who the Earthen Ring are, $N?","","","","",""
1919,"Report to Jennea","Your knowledge of the craft grows, young $N.  Are you now ready to begin your true lessons?  Are you ready to take your place in the secret war we wage?$B$BIf so, then speak with Jennea Cannon, in the wizard's sanctum in the mage district of Stormwind.  She has a task for you which will open your first window into the invisible world.","Speak with Jennea Cannon in Stormwind.","$N, I have a mission for you, here in the $C district. Listen closely, for there is no time to waste.","","","","",""
1920,"Investigate the Blue Recluse","A disturbance has been reported at the Blue Recluse tavern in the Mage Quarter.  Strange, invisible creatures now wander the tavern, and I fear a mana rift has formed there.$B$BI want you to investigate the tavern and capture those creatures.  Use the cantation of manifestation in the tavern to make the creatures visible, subdue them then use a containment coffer to capture them.  When you have enough, return to me with your filled coffers, your empty coffers and the cantation.","Obtain a Cantation of Manifestation and a Chest of Containment coffers from behind Jennea Cannon.  Bring 3 Filled Containment Coffers to Jennea at the Wizard's Sanctum.","Very well done!  I will study these creatures and, with diligence and luck, determine how they slipped into our world.$B$BYour value to the society of mages grows, $N.","","","","",""
1921,"Gathering Materials","You have served your fellow mages well, and now it is time to don your wizard's robe.  Wynne Larson can make your robe, but you must bring her the needed materials  $B$BThe robe will be made of linen which is easy to find, but you must also gain charged rift gems, and the only known location of the gems is in the Silver Stream Mine of Loch Modan, left in crates by the dwarven miners' league.$B$BGather the linen and the gems and bring them to Wynne Larson at the Larson Clothiers in the Mage District.","Bring 10 Linen and the 6 Charged Rift Gems to Wynne Larson in Stormwind.","Yes, these are great pieces of linen.  I can make a fine robe with them.  And after I weave the rift gems into it, we'll have a garment fit for a $C!","","","","",""
1938,"Ur's Treatise on Shadow Magic","Long ago, three mages studied in this tower until one fell to the dark arts.  He was urged to turn away from that evil magic, but he could not resist.  And so he was banished.$B$BThe fallen mage's new domain is the tower of Ilgalar in Redridge, and he took with him a powerful book--Ur's Treatise on Shadow Magic.$B$BWe, the mages of Stormwind, would have that book returned.  Enter the tower of Ilgalar, find the tome in his library, and bring it to me.","Bring Ur's Treatise on Shadow Magic to High Sorcerer Andromath in Stormwind.","I feared that Morganth had hidden the book elsewhere, or that he had found a way to open it and read its contents.$B$BIt is good to see that he did not, and that the seals we placed on Ur's Treatise on Shadow Magic still hold.","","","","",""
1939,"High Sorcerer Andromath","High Sorcerer Andromath wishes to speak with you, $N.  He is at the top of the wizard's sanctum, in the mage's district of Stormwind.$B$BIt would be wise to speak with him, for Andromath is one of the most powerful mages not locked away in Dalaran.  Council with him is high council indeed.","Speak with High Sorcerer Andromath.","Greetings, $N. I am pleased to see you, and hope you have time to listen to an old man's words...","","","","",""
1940,"Pristine Spider Silk","Your service has been unwavering, $N.  I think, perhaps, it is time you had a finer garment, one more suiting your station as an adept mage.  If you gather the needed materials, then we will arrange the robe made.$B$BYou must enter Duskwood and hunt carrion recluse spiders.  Extract their silk, but only the finest, most pristine silk will do.  When you have enough, take it to Wynne Larson, here in the mage district at the Larson Clothiers.  She will craft your robe.","Bring 8 Pristine Spider Silk to Wynne Larson in Stormwind.","Nice specimens, these. I'll get right to work!","","","","",""
1941,"Manaweave Robe","","","Here is your robe.  It's one of my best made yet!  Wear it with pride, and when people ask... tell them you got it at the Larson Clothiers!","","","","",""
1942,"Astral Knot Garment","","","Your garment is ready!  And that silk you gathered was so nice... you don't mind if I made it a little short so that I'd have some silk left over for me, do you?$B$BI'm only joking.  It'll fit you great, and will be perfect for both adventure and formal dining.  Enjoy!","","","","",""
1943,"Speak with Deino","The troll mage Deino has need of your assistance, $N.  She resides in Orgrimmar, in the Darkbriar Lodge.","Speak with Deino.","Good, you have come.  My task is not an easy one, but vital to the society of mages.  If you aid me, I am sure you will find it worthwhile.","","","","",""
1944,"Waters of Xavian","The fabled city of Xavian lies nestled deep within eastern Ashenvale, and tales of its ancient knowledge are well known among the learned.  It is said that the waters of Xavian hold vast magical powers.$B$BI would have a sample of those waters, from their source.$B$BTake this flask and go to Xavian.  Gather water from the bottom of its highest waterfall, and return to me.  And use care as you move through that ancient city--satyrs now hold the ruins and do not like mages prying into their affairs.","Bring the Xavian Water Sample to Deino in Orgrimmar.","Ah, very good. I trust the satyrs of Xavian gave you little trouble?$B$BThank you, $N. I will study this sample of Xavian water immediately.","","","","",""
1945,"Laughing Sisters","For your services, I have arranged for the creation of your new robes, provided you can gather the needed materials...$B$BFor these robes, you must return to Ashenvale for the locks of hair from laughing sisters--dryads who gather near the Raynewood Retreat.$B$BWhen you have their hair, bring it to Kil'hala, a troll tailor at the Crossroads in the Barrens.  He will be expecting you, and will fashion your robes.","Bring 12 Laughing Sister's Hairs to Kil'hala at the Crossroads.","Ah, this hair will weave into a fine robe, $N. It is a pity the laughing sisters had to die to part with it, though I do doubt they would ever give it willingly.$B$BA pity, but only a small one.","","","","",""
1946,"Nether-lace Garment","","","Here is your nether-lace, $N.  It is both comfortable and durable, and holds the magic of the laughing sisters' hair.$B$BEnjoy, and if you find it amenable, please mention so to Deino.  She is a mage on whose good side I wish to stay...","","","","",""
1947,"Journey to the Marsh","Now it is time for you to earn your mage's wand.  To begin this quest, speak with the human hermit Tabetha in Dustwallow Marsh.  You will find her shack deep in the marsh, west of Theramore.$B$BSpeak with her, for her knowledge is vast.  You will find Tabetha's cottage west of Theramore, and just north of the Stonemaul Ruins.","Speak with Tabetha.","Quiet! I'm in a delicate juncture and mustn't be disturbed!$B$BOne moment...","","","","",""
1948,"Items of Power","The building of a mage's wand is not easy.  Rare substances are required, and a vessel must be made that can store great quantities of magical energy.  You must gather these things and bring them to me.$B$BI have written onto this parchment that which you need, and instructions on how to get it.  Bring me exactly what is on this list, and follow my written directions to the letter, for if you do not then when we make your wand things might go... badly.","Bring 1 Jade and the Bolt Charged Bramble to Tabetha in Dustwallow Marsh.","Aha! You got the jade and made the bramble! Well done!$B$BIs that smoke I see rising from your ears? You might have gotten too close when the lightning struck the totem sticks, but don't worry. Being hit by lightning is good luck!","","","","",""
1949,"Hidden Secrets","To make your wand, there are key passages in a certain book that I must read.  The book is called Rituals of Power, written by the Magus Tirth.$B$BI do not have a copy of his book, and none of the world's great libraries possess it.  So you must speak with Tirth and gain it from him.$B$BGood luck.  Tirth used to be a great mage and scholar, but now he spends his time at the gnome and goblin races in the Shimmering Flats, drinking and gambling.","Speak with Magus Tirth in the Shimmering Flats.","What?  Speak up!  These old ears aren't as sharp as they used to be.$B$BWell, I hope you're here with a fresh mug of ale or some hot tips on the next race!  If not, then you best keep walking... because I have a polymorph wand with your name on it!","","","","",""
1950,"Get the Scoop","I can help you with the book, but first you have to help me!$B$BThe tome you seek is in my magically locked strongbox.  To open it a special phrase must be uttered, and I can't remember the phrase!  Normally my assistant helps me remember these things but he's nowhere to be found.$B$BIf you want my book, then find my apprentice!  Ask around the race track--if you're lucky then someone has seen him.  Either drag him back here, or at least get my magic phrase from him so we can open my box!","Find the phrase to Tirth's strongbox, then return to Tirth.","Ah, now I remember...$B$BI had forgotten about that little curse I put on Johnson.  I can't remember why I did it but I'm sure it served him right, the little ingrate!","Secret phrase found","","","",""
1951,"Rituals of Power","Hm... now that I think about it, I don't have my book!  You see, I had some gambling debts and to pay them off I sold the last copy of Rituals of Power to a member of the clergy....$B$BA member of the Scarlet Brotherhood.  He must have taken it to their library in the Scarlet Monastery in Tirisfal Glades!$B$BIf you want that book, then you'll have to go to the monastery to find it.  And sorry about all the trouble.  I'm not myself these days...","Bring the book Rituals of Power to Tabetha in Dustwallow Marsh.","That's it!  It's just what I need to prepare for the ritual to create your wand!  I hope it wasn't too much trouble to find...","","","","",""
1952,"Mage's Wand","I'll go make the wands now.","Speak with Tabetha after her ritual.","Here are the wands I made.  Take your pick!","","","","",""
1953,"Return to the Marsh","It is time, $N, for you to speak with Tabetha... the hermit of Dustwallow Marsh.  She will instruct you on the creation of a powerful mage's implement.$B$BTabetha's shack lies deep in Dustwallow Marsh, west of Theramore.","Speak with Tabetha.","Ah, yes.  You are here for an orb or a staff, $N?  Very well.  I will aid you in its construction.$B$BBut be forewarned--the process is a perilous one and could mean your death.$B$BOr my death.  Definitely someone's death... $B$BBut let's hope it's someone else's death, eh?","","","","",""
1954,"The Infernal Orb","The first step is to acquire an orb with power.  The warlocks of the Burning Blade have nice, high quality orbs... it's too bad they've bound demons into them!  But we can fix that, yes we can.$B$BGo to Desolace and snatch an infernal orb from a Burning Blade summoner.  You'll find summoners at the Mannoroc Coven.$B$BWhen you have the orb, return to me.","Bring an Infernal Orb to Tabetha in Dustwallow Marsh.","Oh, that's a nice one!  No, I don't mean it's \"nice\" like cool juice is nice on a hot day.$B$BIn fact, it's very NOT nice now that I think about it.  Not the juice.  The orb!$B$BFocus, $N!  We'll need you focused if we're ever to finish our task!","","","","",""
1955,"The Exorcism","Now that we have a summoner's orb, we must exorcise the demon within it.  I can do that.  That's the easy part.$B$BYou're the one who has the hard job.  You're the one who has to kill the demon once it's out.$B$BAnd you'll have to be quick.  If you take too long then he'll jump back in the orb and we'll have to start over!$B$BSo get yourself ready.  Prepare your strongest spells and keep your potions handy, and go get a friend if you have one.  Because this isn't going to be pretty.","Kill the Demon of the Orb, then speak with Tabetha.","Nicely done, $N! You gave that demon a lesson he won't soon forget.$B$BHe'll think twice before he sticks his ugly head back in this world, looking for the stupid mortal who beat him. Probably with friends this time. Big, scaly friends who'd want nothing more than to tear you into little $R pieces.$B$BI didn't scare you, did I...$N?","Kill the Demon of the Orb","","","",""
1956,"Power in Uldaman","Now that the demon has been removed, we must gain a power source.  Unfortunately, the best power sources are usually the oldest and the hardest to get.  It's neat how fate likes to take a bite out of you sometimes, isn't it?$B$BSo you're going to need to go to Uldaman and defeat the obsidian sentinel there.  He's big, he's tough, and his power source packs a punch!$B$BI wish you the best of luck, $N.  And if you don't get lucky then, well... it was nice knowing you.","Retrieve an Obsidian Power Source and bring it to Tabetha in Dustwallow Marsh.","You did it?  Well done!$B$BI was chatting with some of my colleagues and when your name came up they said, \"You know that $N sure works well under stress!\"$B$BBut when I told them I sent you to Uldaman against the obsidian sentinel, they said I was crazy!  They said, \"Tabetha, you're crazy!  There's no way $N could take on that sentinel!\"$B$BAnd I said, \"We'll see,\" and then they said \"Yeah, we'll see...\"$B$BWell we sure showed them, didn't we!","","","","",""
1957,"Mana Surges","We are almost finished, but this last step is the most perilous, $N.$B$BI have the empty summoner's orb and am ready to empower it.  We will do this by harnessing the energy of a mana rift.  I'll cast a spell that will temporarily open a rift, from which creatures, mana surges, will pour out.  You must defeat the mana surges and their power will be released, which I will then collect.$B$BKill enough mana surges before the rift closes and I will place all their collected energy in your orb.","Kill 12 Mana Surges in the allowed time limit.","You did it!  I never doubted you for a second!  Ok, maybe for just a second, or two... but basically I didn't have much doubt.$B$BHonest.","","","","",""
1958,"Celestial Power","","","You should be proud of yourself, $N.  Many mages have fallen to the creatures you faced.$B$BThe Celestial Orb is ready.  Or if you'd like I can mount it atop a staff.  It's up to you.  I'd prefer the orb, but who am I to judge?","","","","",""
1959,"Report to Anastasia","The mages of the Undercity have noted a magical disturbance within the city, and have sent word for mages of the Horde to investigate.$B$BAnastasia Hartwell can tell you more.  Speak with her in the Magic Quarter in the Undercity.","Speak with Anastasia Hartwell.","It is true.  A magical disturbance has been detected in our city.  We are not yet sure of its origin, or whether it is malign or benign.  We must first gather more information...$B$BAnd that, $N, brings us to your task.","","","","",""
1960,"Investigate the Alchemist Shop","Algernon's alchemist shop in the Apothecarium is the locus of a strange disturbance.  Invisible creatures, made solely of magic, wander the shop--there must be a reason, and we must find it!$B$BInvestigate the disturbance and capture those creatures.  Take a chest of coffers and a scroll from behind me.  Use the scroll at the shop to make the creatures visible, subdue them with your spells, then throw down a coffer to capture them.  Return with the filled coffers, the empty coffers and the cantation.","Obtain a Cantation of Manifestation and a Chest of Containment Coffers from behind Anastasia Hartwell.  Bring 3 Filled Containment Coffers, the Chest of Containment Coffers and the Cantation of Manifestation to Anastasia in the Undercity.","Very good, $N.  The creatures within these containment coffers will be studied by our finest minds, and the reason behind their presence in the Undercity will be determined.$B$BIf their appearance is caused by a rift in the natural flow of magic, then we must determine if the rift was random.  If it was not random, but instead an attack by some magical force, then we must prepare for future, more serious disturbances.","","","","",""
1961,"Gathering Materials","It is time for you to don your first mage's robes, $N.  They are a sign of your station, and a testament to your worth.$B$BTo gain the robes, you must gather the mana gems from the Dalaran mages of Silverpine.  Their beliefs are similar to ours and so killing them is somewhat distasteful, but if they lack the strength to resist us, then they do not deserve their lives.$B$BBring the gems and a supply of linen to Josef Gregorian at the Magic Quarter's tailor shop.","Bring 10 Linen and 6 Dalaran Mana Gems to Josef Gregorian.","This is very good material, and although I lack the talent to gauge the quality of these mana gems, we'll soon know if they possess the power needed to create spellfire robes...","","","","",""
1962,"Spellfire Robes","","","Here are your robes, $N.  Wear them well.","","","","",""
1963,"The Shattered Hand","The Warchief is too subtle in his methods. He is cautious to unleash the might of the Horde. Once we were stronger, mighty conquerors all. That pride we must regain, and the Shattered Hand will do so.$b$bWe build strength from the shadows and strike at the exposed, secretly laying our enemies low. A task you must complete for me, to prove your worth.$b$bThe troll Tazan trades with the pirates near Ratchet. He has information I must have. Kill him and bring me his satchel.","Kill Tazan and bring his Satchel to Therzok in the Cleft of Shadow in Orgrimmar.","Hm, while I am glad to hear that Tazan is no longer with us, a locked satchel does us no good. We need the information kept within.$b$bThis should prove a worthy second challenge for one who wishes to join the Shattered Hand.","","","","",""
1978,"The Deathstalkers","The Syndicate? I would never have suspected. It seems the lords of Alterac have fallen far in the years since their betrayal.$b$bLord Varimathras will be pleased to learn of this, and as you were so instrumental in this discovery, it would be fitting if you were the one to deliver it to him.$b$bAh, and how could I forget?$b$bWelcome to the Deathstalkers.","Deliver Andron's Ledger to Varimathras in the Hall of the Dark Lady in the Undercity.","Hmm, this is interesting. The Deathstalkers have performed their duties admirably in ferreting this out.$B$BFrom what I understand, you also deserve commendation for your performance. I hope that this will become routine for you, $N, my Deathstalkers always have use of a good man.","","","","",""
1998,"Fenwick Thatros","Lord Varimathras has just sent me a missive about a threat to the Forsaken that must be immediately removed. His name is Fenwick Thatros, one whom Lord Varimathras believes is a leader of the undead that have taken root in Silverpine Forest.$b$bYour name came to mind immediately, $n. I have faith enough in your abilities that you will carry out this mission flawlessly.$b$bThe latest reports from the Deathstalkers in Silverpine indicate that Thatros can be found near the decrepit dock on Lordamere.","Kill Fenwick Thatros and bring his head back to Mennet Carkad in the Rogues' Quarter of the Undercity.","You've done well, $N. It occurs to me that you have performed many services for the Deathstalkers, proving your worth, and that perhaps it is time that we furthered your training in the shadow arts.","","","","",""
1999,"Tools of the Trade","The wizards of the Kirin Tor at Ambermill have stored away important documents pertaining to the current state of Dalaran. This we know from the admissions of one of our prisoners. Lord Varimathras has placed the duty of recovering them in the hands of the Deathstalkers.$b$bThis task falls to you, $n. You will need some equipment, however, and the knowledge of lockpicking. Speak with Estelle Gendry, our outfitter, and ask her for a set of tools before you set out.","Find the Dalaran Status Report and return it to Mennet Carkad in the Rogues' Quarter of the Undercity.","Very good, $N! You have learned the fine art of lockpicking well, and faster than I could have possibly expected.$B$BI see that I was right to place my trust in you. Believe me, boy, I foresee that you will go far in this line of work.","","","","",""
2038,"Bingles' Missing Supplies","As if crashing into the Loch wasn't bad enough, troggs from the nearby island attacked me and stole my tools and special Blastenheimer Blastencapper explosives. With no gyrocopter and no explosives, the movement has no chance!$B$BGet my tools back and find my Blastencapper explosives, $N. For Gnomeregan! ","Find and return Bingles' supplies:$B$BBingles' Wrench, Bingles' Screwdriver, Bingles' Hammer, and Bingles' Blastencapper.","You've done the movement a great service, $N. The troggs and leper gnomes infesting Gnomeregan will soon feel the brunt of a gnomish air assault!","","","","",""
2039,"Find Bingles","We've lost contact with Bingles! He was sent on a reconnaissance mission over Gnomeregan and hasn't reported back in over a week. I just know he's gone and blown himself up.$B$BHe was last seen flying over the Loch. Perhaps you can investigate, $N.","Find Bingles Blastenheimer in Loch Modan.","So Gnoarn doesn't trust my reconnaissance abilities? I wonder why...$b$bNevermind that, I need your assistance! Nay! The movement needs your assistance!","","","","",""
2040,"Underground Assault","Gnomeregan has fallen under the control of those dastardly troggs! The situation is grave but perhaps you can help, $N.$B$BDeep in the Deadmines is a functional goblin shredder. Find that shredder and bring back the intact power supply. With the shredder's power supply, we can give our gyrodrillmatic excavationators the power they need to break through the rocky underground borders of Gnomeregan, opening the way for a gnomish assault!","Retrieve the Gnoam Sprecklesprocket from the Deadmines and return it to Shoni the Shilent in Stormwind.","Well done, $N. Thanks to you, Gnomeregan is one step closer to its day of liberation!","","","","",""
2041,"Speak with Shoni","Perhaps... Perhaps you can help us in the battle for Gnomeregan.$B$BIn Stormwind you will find the commander of our underground assault crew, Shoni the Shilent. Shoni needs assistance with her gyrodrillmatic excavationators.$B$BYou will probably find her amongst the dwarves in Stormwind.$B$BGood luck, $N. ","Speak with Shoni the Shilent in Stormwind.","Do you bring word from central command?","","","","",""
2078,"Gyromast's Revenge","Landlubber, ye needs to find me first mate.$B$BTake this'n key, puts it in his gulliver an' bring him back here to serve the Cap'n.$B$BThem murlocs an' their chief ain't gonna be too happy once me first mate gets a hold of em!","Find Gelkak's First Mate, the Threshwackonator 4100, and lead it back to Gelkak.","Yarrr... Ye be provin' yerself to be more than a yella sea dog, landlubber.$B$BThe Cap'n may promote ye to poop deck swabby if ye be keepin' this up...","","Gelkak's First Mate","","",""
2098,"Gyromast's Retrieval","A pirate's life ain't an easy one, landlubber. It ain't all about plunderin' and booze! Alas, me ship be sunk just off shore thanks to them pesky Threshadons.$B$BWhat I be needin' is me first mate back in workin' order!$B$BWhen I washed up'n shore, the key for me first mate broke on the rocks and was pilfered by the beasties of Darkshore. Out of the corner of me eyes I saw some of them Ragin' Crawlers, Ferocious Foreststrider, and murloc rummaging through the wreckage....","Find and return the three pieces of Gelkak's Key to Gelkak Gyromast.","Avast ye scurvy sea dog! Ye did it! Soon me first mate be back in workin' order and them beasties won't know what hit em!$B$BHrm, have ye seen me first mate?","","","","",""
2118,"Plagued Lands","A sickness spreads across the Darkshore, gripping the minds and bodies of all it touches.$B$BThe Thistle Bears have been hit the hardest by this plague. The once noble beasts are now an instrument of destruction - rabid and frenzied. I may have a cure for this ailment.$B$BTake this trap to the forest and lay it on the ground. Any Rabid Thistle Bear that crosses the light shall become docile for a short time. Once the bear is docile, it shall follow you. Lead it back here, $N.","Capture a living Rabid Thistle Bear and bring it back to Tharnariun.","Our work has only just begun, $N. Are you prepared for your next task?","","Rabid Thistle Bear Captured","","",""
2138,"Cleansing of the Infected","As I had feared, the cure does not work.$B$BIt saddens me greatly to order the death of any of nature's beasts, but the sick and tainted thistle bears must be put down.$B$BReturn to the forest and destroy 20 rabid thistle bears, $N. It will most certainly not put a stop to the plague but it will slow down the damage the animals are doing to our forest and its inhabitants for a short time.","Cleanse the forest of 20 Rabid Thistle Bears and return to Tharnariun Treetender in Darkshore.","You have done Auberdine a great service, $N, but your task is not yet complete.","","","","",""
2139,"Tharnariun's Hope","The survival of our people and lands comes at unfortunate costs, $N.$B$BYou have spilled the blood of nature's servants; many sick animals you have felled. The people of Auberdine are indebted to you, for the forest's pain is eased - even if only for a moment.$B$BI have one final task for you, but be warned, you will have to kill again. It is my hope that this will be the last time I call upon you, $N.$B$BIn a cave to the northeast, near Bashal'Aran, resides the Den Mother. Slay her.","Find and kill the Den Mother.","You have fought for Auberdine with bravery and honor, $N. In our war torn lands, death and despair are common. Many will not rise to meet the challenge of life in our new home, choosing instead to hide in their homes or escape to the more fortified lands of the Alliance.$b$bThank you, $N. Perhaps someday soon we shall fight along side as comrades versus another foe.","","","","",""
2158,"Rest and Relaxation","Every adventurer should rest when exhaustion sets in - and there is no finer place to get rest and relaxation than at the Lion's Pride Inn!$B$BMy best friend, Innkeeper Farley, runs the Lion's Pride. If you tell him I sent you, he may give you the special discounted rates on food and drink.$B$BTo find the Lion's Pride Inn, travel south along the road from here -- you can't miss it!","Speak with Innkeeper Farley at the Lion's Pride Inn.","Rest and relaxation for the tired and cold -- that's our motto! Please, take a seat by the fire and rest your weary bones.$B$BWould you like to try a sampling of some of our fine food and drink?","","","","",""
2159,"<NYI> Dolanaar Delivery","Greetings, young $c.  Can you offer me aid?  I have a package of herbs that I must deliver to the town of Dolanaar.  But I still have business with the druids of Shadowglen and cannot yet leave.$B$BCan you deliver this package for me?  It must be sent to Melarith, at the Dolanaar inn.  It lies along the road, to the south.","Bring the Dolanaar Delivery to Melarith.","Ah yes, the delivery of herbs from Shadowglen.  It is a shame Porthannius could not bring it himself, for we have much to discuss, he and I.  But I am glad to get the herbs nonetheless, and I am glad you came.$B$BWhile you are here, please, rest yourself.  Heroes must keep their strength and spirits high, and must find rest and solace whenever they may.  For to neglect one's peace of body and mind is a sure path to failure.$B$BSo... rest.","","","","",""
2160,"Supplies to Tannok","Hey! You look like a hearty adventurer. If you're planning on braving the pass, do you suppose you could bring a package to the inn in Kharanos?$b$bYou were planning on stopping at the inn, right? If you make it through the pass, you'll definitely want to take a breather there.$b$bAnyways, bring this to Tannok Frosthammer, the innkeeper's assistant. I can't get through the pass myself, and it'll be days until a Mountaineer escort comes through!","Deliver the Crate of Inn Supplies to Tannok Frosthammer in Kharanos.","Ah, at last, the supplies from Hands! I was beginning to worry, we've had scarce word from Anvilmar ever since the troggs overran the pass.$b$bThanks for bringing this to me, $n. And please, make yourself comfortable. You must be tired after your journey.","","","","",""
2161,"A Peon's Burden","Excuse me?  Can you help me?$B$BI have a load of food here.  I walked along the road and braved scorpids and spiders and worse!  I brought the food to the Valley of Trials because I thought they needed it and I like to help out.  But they don't need any food!  Now I have to take it back to Razor Hill and I'm afraid of all the beasts along the way...$B$BCan you take it for me?  I'm just a peon, but you're a hero.  You fear nothing!$B$BTake it to Innkeeper Grosk at the Razor Hill inn.  Thank you!","Bring Ukor's Burden to Innkeeper Grosk in Razor Hill.","Ah, this is the food Ukor brought to the Valley of Trials. Did they not need it? Well, I guess they like to starve you heroes in training. Builds spirit, they say!$b$bThank you for returning the food. I'll stick it back on the shelves... but here, let me offer you some refreshment first!$b$bAnd don't forget to rest here in the inn. You may be a brave $C ready to take on the world, but if your energy is sapped you won't be doing yourself, or the Horde, much good.","","","","",""
2178,"Easy Strider Living","Do you smell that delicious aroma? It's my secret recipe, $N--fresh strider stew. Delicious!$B$BPerhaps you would be interested in learning the recipe?$B$BBefore I teach you the recipe, you will need to prove that you can handle the beasts.$B$BNow, I don't expect you to go out and tame one and ride it back to me, but if you can kill a few and bring back some of their succulent meat, I may be persuaded to show you the ways of strider stew.","Bring back 5 Strider Meat to Alanndarian Nightsong in Auberdine.","Fantastic! Try it and tell me what you think, $N!","","","","",""
2198,"The Shattered Necklace","You have found a tarnished necklace, though the tarnish belies intricate and magical craftsmanship.  The necklace has been shattered, as its setting appears to be missing three gems.  On the underside of the necklace is the faint imprint of the city seal for Ironforge.  Below the seal are three tiny, engraved letters: \"TdK\".$B$BIf there is anything to be gleaned from the necklace, you will need to learn about its origins.  Perhaps the seal and the initials are a start...","Search for the original creator of the shattered necklace to learn of its potential value.","Yes... I am the jeweler who made this necklace.  I also am not in the business of handing out information as though it were free.  Information is never free, friend.  If I am going to help you out, you need to help ME out first.","","","","",""
2199,"Lore for a Price","I am a jeweler of great renown here in Ironforge!  Well, former renown anyway... I have fallen onto hard times due to the chicanery of a competitor!  A bad reputation in this business spells financial disaster.  As a result, I find myself without a copper to my good-though-currently-sullied name.$B$BI want you to get me five silver bars to finish an order I received - the first in what seems like an eternity.$B$BYou get me those five silver bars, and I'll answer your questions on the necklace.","Bring five silver bars to Talvash del Kissel in Ironforge.","You're all right in my book; I don't care what everyone else has been saying... I kid, I kid!  Seriously, thank you my friend.$B$BNow, the necklace you have is one of my finest creations, but it is missing three gems that help bind magic power to it.  I crafted it for a paladin some time ago.  He was on a self-appointed quest to clear out the \"evil taint\" present at an excavation site in the Badlands called Uldaman.$B$BWell... that paladin died in Uldaman, and that was just the beginning of my woes.","","","","",""
2200,"Back to Uldaman","A competitor of mine started a rumor that my necklace cursed the paladin.  Needless to say, no one wants to buy cursed items from a jeweler.$B$B$N, I'll make you a deal - find the gems and I'll reassemble the necklace, so long as you'll advertise that I do NOT make cursed items!$B$BTry looking for clues in Uldaman; maybe see if the paladin's body is down there, since he's the one who we know had it last!  When you find the gems you should use this; it'll allow you to contact me here in Ironforge.","Search for clues as to the current disposition of Talvash's necklace within Uldaman.  The slain paladin he mentioned was the person who has it last.","Remains of a paladin: Reading the journal reveals that after much effort, the paladin had identified the location of all three missing gems:$b$bThe Shadowforge dwarves hid the ruby in their barricaded area as they battled the Troggs for control of Uldaman.$b$bThe troggs stashed the topaz in an urn located near some unusual inhabitants of Uldaman - Alliance dwarves!$b$bFinally, the trogg elder himself took the sapphire as his own.","","","","",""
2201,"Find the Gems","The paladin's journal has provided perhaps the only clues that Uldaman will yield as to the location of the necklace's gems.  If the paladin's scribing remains accurate, then the Shadowforge dwarves and the troggs that vie for control of the dig site will need to be dealt with.$B$BArmed with this knowledge, the search for the gems begins in earnest.  When all the gems have been acquired, Talvash in Ironforge should be notified via the Phial of Scrying as per his instructions.","Find the ruby, sapphire, and topaz that are scattered throughout Uldaman.  Once acquired, contact Talvash del Kissel remotely by using the Phial of Scrying he previously gave you.$B$BFrom the journal, you know...$B* The ruby has been stashed in a barricaded Shadowforge area.$B* The topaz has been hidden in an urn in one of the Trogg areas, near some Alliance dwarves.$B$B* The sapphire has been claimed by Grimlok, the trogg leader.","Yep, those indeed are the three gems.  Good job!  Unfortunately, your work isn't quite over just yet.$B$BNo, I'm not trying to pull a fast one here, silly $C.  This is about making magic jewelry - Talvash del Kissel quality-level jewelry!  You need a strong power source to give it some oomph.  Well, that necklace has no more oomph to give.","","","","",""
2202,"Uldaman Reagent Run","I've heard about a newly discovered plant called the magenta fungus caps.  They grow in clusters, deep in the Uldaman dig site; they may be elsewhere, but for now that's the only place I know they're at.  I want to study their potential use in alchemy, and that's where you come in.$B$BFind the magenta cap clusters and bring me a dozen caps.  Be warned, the clusters may spew out poison spores if jostled.$B$BDo this for me, and I'll whip up a batch of one of my famous restorative elixirs for you!","Bring 12 Magenta Fungus Caps to Jarkal Mossmeld in Kargath.","Well done $N, you've proven your worth once again! The caps will be an interesting study, you betcha.$B$BAnd now, as promised, enjoy a taste of one of my more potent restorative brews from my personal stock...$B$BIf you are a skilled alchemist, then perhaps we might have some additional business to conduct. Regardless, I thank you for your assistance!","","","","",""
2203,"Badlands Reagent Run II","You have been most helpful to me, $c.  I would reward you with the very recipe for the brew I gave you earlier... but I would ask of you a task that is quite dangerous.  Hear my request.$B$BThis lockbox contains three empty thaumaturgy vessels; they are imbued with an attunement aura that will drain the blood of a scorched guardian dragon.  Using one on the beast will anger it greatly, so be warned.  Once you have all three filled, bring them to me.$B$BDo this, and the recipe will be yours.","Use the empty thaumaturgy vessels on scorched guardian dragons found in the Badlands.  Once you have them filled, bring them to Jarkal Mossmeld in Kargath.","From one alchemist to another, I salute you.  Here, take this recipe and commit it to your knowledge.  May it bring you the success and rewards that it has brought me over the years.","","","","",""
2204,"Restoring the Necklace","You are going to need to find some \"oomph\" for the necklace, and Uldaman is probably the best place for it, actually.  I guess there are a lot of constructs running around in there, yeah?  Well, take out the biggest, baddest construct in that place and grab its power source!  I am pretty sure I can fuse that source into the necklace.$B$BWithout that power source, fixing the necklace will be impossible.  Come back to me here to Ironforge when you have it, and we'll get it all fixed up for you!","Obtain a power source from the most powerful construct you can find in Uldaman, and deliver it to Talvash del Kissel in Ironforge.","Well I'll be - I sure am glad to see you and this power source in one piece.  It will take me a moment to magically fuse the power source with the necklace now that the gems have been reunited with it.  Once it is done, however, the necklace will be yours!$B$BYou're excited, aren't you?  All tingly with anticipation?  Now where did I put that spell focus at...","","","","",""
2205,"Seek out SI: 7","The badge? Oh, it's nothing, fish - nothing you could handle anyhow. By the looks of you, I'd say Mathias is likely to mistake you for the cheese delivery $g boy:girl; instead of a proper rogue. Regardless, I've been assigned a job and I've made a promise to deliver on that job.$B$BSpeaking of which, deliver this package to Mathias and he may give you a small task or two.$B$BGet cracking. \
","Deliver Keryn Sylvius's package to Master Mathias Shaw at the Stormwind Barracks.","You found me - and by looking at you, I'd say the run and subsequent search may have been a great strain on your system, both mentally and physically.$B$BWould you like Renzik to show you the way to an inn or are you ready for some work?\
","","","","",""
2206,"Snatch and Grab","Our operatives in the field are reporting heavy Defias activity south of Goldshire. The reports indicate that the Defias have taken over Jerod's Landing and are now using it as a way to smuggle large quantities of contraband from Redridge to Westfall.$B$BI need you to infiltrate the dock house and get me that shipping schedule, $N. You will probably find it buried deep in the pockets of the Dockmaster.$B$B...and $N, should you be discovered, SI:7 will disavow all knowledge of your existence.","Find the Defias Dockmaster and recover the Shipping Schedule for Master Mathias Shaw.\
","I am astonished... Astonished that Keryn finally found a recruit that could possibly have the makings of a proper $C. Take this blade, $N. A day will come when you will be called upon again to serve the SI:7. Hone your skills, keep your eyes open and that blade sharp.$B$BYou won't see us coming but you'll feel it when we get there...","","","","",""
2218,"Road to Salvation","Another lost soul looking for guidance, eh? I suppose you want to find a purpose - your purpose. I've seen it a thousand times, another hero looking for work.$B$BWell, today's your lucky day, friend. Hogral's got the cure for your ailment.$B$BHere's what you do: Take this road here up to Ironforge and make your way to the Forlorn Cavern. Once there, locate the thieves' guild and speak with Hulfdan Blackbeard. He'll put you on the road to salvation.\
","Speak with Hulfdan Blackbeard in Ironforge.","So ye think yer a right scoundrel? Destined to be one o' Blackbeard's chosen few - an officer o' the Hidden Circle?$B$BOnly a good fer nothin' scallywag would think so highly o' hisself.$B$BThat's exactly what we be lookin' fer! Welcome aboard, $N!","","","","",""
2238,"Simple Subterfugin'","Ye see, the King be strip mining the quarry fer ore and gems. More riches than any one dwarf should see in ten lifetimes.$B$BThe Hidden Circle has values, $N. We value valuables. Can ye understand?$B$BNow we feels the King should be sharing some of that booty, but we don't want ol' 'Stinkbeard' to know he's sharin' - if ye catch me drift.$B$BWe needs ye to speak with Onin MacHammar over by Gnomeregan and bring back a report. The crafty dwarf has hidden hisself amongst the lepers. Be careful.","Find Onin MacHammar by Gnomeregan.","Shhhh! Keep it down you daft fool. They'll hear us. ","","","","",""
2239,"Onin's Report","The Quarry? Yap, I see those monstrous armored steam tanks come by this post near every day.$B$BMy contacts to the east tell me that the tank starts off at Ironforge, makes a pickup at the Gol'Bolar Quarry, stops over at Kharanos to refuel and then for some blasted reason, it takes the long way around past Gnomeregan, before reaching Ironforge to drop off the shipment.$B$BIt's all in the report, $r. Take it back to Hulfdan so he can plan the next step.\
","Take Onin's Report back to Hulfdan in Ironforge.","Long route? In the name o' me own beard!$B$BYe done good, $N. Take this dagger and be gone with ye. The Circle will call upon ye again when step three be ready to be set into motion.$B$BWhat's step three? It comes right after step two - me putting me boot up yer backside.$B$BInterested?","","","","",""
2240,"The Hidden Chamber","Now for the task at hand.$B$BThere is a secret chamber, the Chamber of Khaz'mul, that must be explored.  The problem is that the chamber's behind a huge, locked door!  It's a lucky thing I know how to open it.$B$BI've described everything in my journal, here on the table.  My band and I are stuck here for now... so you, $N, must find the chamber of Khaz'mul for us!$B$BRead my journal, explore the chamber, then report to Prospector Stormpike at the Explorers' League in Ironforge.","Read Baelog's Journal, explore the hidden chamber, then report to Prospector Stormpike.","You have seen the Chamber of Khaz'mul? Amazing! Baelog was sure it existed, but I must admit that I had my doubts.$b$bThank you, $N. With luck your finding will incite our leaders to renew their efforts to retake Uldaman. And if it is ever again under Ironforge control, then the secrets of the Chamber of Khaz'mul will be ours!","Explore the Hidden Chamber","","","",""
2241,"The Apple Falls","They say I'm 'lovestruck,' whatever that means.$B$BSure, I spend my every waking moment thinking about Syurna. Sure, my home is full of paintings and drawings of Syurna. Sure, I often go days without eating, sleeping, or drinking, while I lament about the love we could have had. Is that so wrong?$B$BNow she won't see me! ME! I've tried sending her messages but she won't even talk to another person unless they are a rogue.$B$BCould you deliver this flower to her? Don't forget to tell her it's from Jannok.","Take Jannok's Rose to Syurna in Darnassus.","Had I saved every flower that dolt, Jannok, had sent me, I would have had the means to open a shop. Regardless, it seems as if Jannok's latest courier may prove to be useful.Interested in some work, $C?","","","","",""
2242,"Destiny Calls","We believe there is one being that may be able to help us understand what is happening to the forests of Teldrassil. Unfortunately, getting the creature to cooperate has proven disastrous.$B$BHe hides on a branch at the outskirts of the Oracle Glade. All who have so far approached the satyr, whether through force or diplomacy, have met with doom. Perhaps stealth is the answer, $N.$B$BFind what Sethir the Ancient carries in his packs and report back to me.\
","Find Sethir the Ancient and bring back any clues that you may discover to Syurna.\
","This is grim news, $N. It would seem that the sickness which has gripped the forests and rivers of Darkshore has begun to taint our home.$B$BYou have served us well, but there is nothing more you can do here. Take this blade as a reward for your service to Teldrassil.","","","","",""
2258,"Badlands Reagent Run","$N, I could use your aid if you're up for it.  I am an alchemist of some note, and I seek your aid in acquiring some reagents found out in the Badlands.$B$BI need the following items to replenish my stocks: five buzzard gizzards, ten crag coyote fangs, and five rock elemental shards.  Obviously, you can get them off of the beasties themselves; if you're not the fighting type, then find friends who are.$B$BAcquire these items for me, you'll get some coin out of the deal.  Watcha wanna do?","Bring 5 Buzzard Gizzards, 10 Crag Coyote Fangs, and  5 Rock Elemental Shards to Jarkal Mossmeld in Kargath, Badlands.","Ah, well done! These should last me for a little while, at least. Here is your pay as promised.$B$BIf you're interested, I have some more reagents I could use. These, however, are only found in the depths of the Uldaman excavation. They will not be easy to get, but I will make it worth your while if you are interested in helping me again.$B$BPerhaps something more than some shiny coins, yes?","","","","",""
2259,"Erion Shadewhisper","Do not worry, $N, I am not sending you to see Syurna. Erion requires your presence at the Cenarion Enclave. Make haste!","Contact Erion Shadewhisper in Darnassus.\
","It is time to branch out, $R - the world awaits.","","","","",""
2260,"Erion's Behest","Word of your deeds has spread far and wide, $N. So far, in fact, that Stormwind Intelligence has asked for you by name.$B$BThe journey is taxing and not without peril, but an opportunity to train under SI:7 should not be taken lightly.$B$BA new world awaits you, $N. Make your way to Old Town in Stormwind and speak with Renzik \"The Shiv\" at SI:7 headquarters.\
","Travel to Stormwind City and seek council with Renzik \"The Shiv.\"\
","You have answered SI:7's calling, $N and journeyed from distant shores to join our ranks, however, there is much for you to learn.","","","","",""
2278,"The Platinum Discs","The centerpieces of this treasure chamber are four huge platinum discs, each adorned with numerous sigils of an unknown origin.  Touching them makes your hand tingle.  Just after touching the discs, the visage of a large stone watcher springs forth.$B$B\"Salutations.  I am a keeper of knowledge.  The Creators' synthesis of the Earthen has been chronicled and stored here for this world in the Discs of Norgannon.\"$B$BYou have uncovered a wealth of previously undiscovered worldly lore!","Speak with stone watcher and learn what ancient lore it keeps.  Once you have learned what lore it has to offer, activate the Discs of Norgannon.","Following the instructions of the stone watcher, you once again access the Discs of Norgannon now that you have learned about the history of the Earthen, the troggs, and the dwarves.  A faint, brief hum is heard from within the discs.  The stone watcher then speaks:$B$B\"The discs have now been synthesized.  Access the Discs of Norgannon once more to receive your personal copy.\"","Learn what lore that the stone watcher has to offer","","","",""
2279,"The Platinum Discs","Touching the Discs of Norgannon once again makes your hand tingle.  This time, however, a strange grinding noise is heard from inside the discs.$B$BYour backpack suddenly becomes heavier than it was before.  Inside, you discover a miniature version of the discs!$B$BNo doubt, an item of this sort would be invaluable for someone interested in the ancient history of Azeroth.  The Explorers' League in Ironforge is such a group, known throughout the Alliance; perhaps they can make good use of it.","Take the miniature version of the Discs of Norgannon to the Explorers' League in Ironforge.","What do you have there... oh my.  You found this where?$B$BNo, really?$B$BYou spoke to whom about what?$B$BNO, REALLY?!$B$BMy fine $C, you may have just made the archaeological find of the year!  By the Gods who am I kidding, the find of the century!  If these discs are what I think them to be, then this could be the very key we have been looking for!  This may well prove outright once and for all the legitimacy of the Dwarves' enchanted creation!","","","","",""
2280,"The Platinum Discs","Touching the Discs of Norgannon once again makes your hand tingle.  This time, however, a strange grinding noise is heard from inside the discs.$B$BYour backpack suddenly becomes heavier than it was before.  Inside, you discover a miniature version of the discs!$B$BNo doubt, an item of this sort would be invaluable for someone interested in the ancient history of Azeroth.  The sages of Thunder Bluff are such historians, known throughout the Horde; perhaps they can make good use of it.","Take the miniature version of the Discs of Norgannon to the one of the sages in Thunder Bluff.","What are these here then?$B$BImpressive, young one!  These discs, in them I sense secrets that the earth has held on to tightly for many years.  You were very wise to bring them here to me.","","","","",""
2281,"Redridge Rendezvous","Sending you out in the field now would be suicide. Renzik doesn't need another dead rogue on his hands. Don't fret, though, $N - Renzik is going to get you up to speed.$B$BMake your way to the Redridge Mountains and speak with an associate of SI:7 named Lucius. You will find him hanging around the docks of Lakeshire with the other shady good-for-nothings.","Venture forth to Lakeshire in the Redridge Mountains and speak with Lucius.\
","Ah, so your fingers are a little fat, eh? Don't worry, $N, I've turned more useless thieves than you into accomplished rogues.","","","","",""
2282,"Alther's Mill","We've been training thieves here for years! After all, not every rapscallion is born with the grace and finesse of old Lucius.$B$BUp off the road here you'll find Alther's Mill. I got a chest up there with something important inside. Go get it for me! Bring back that token and you'll receive your Certificate of Thievery!","Open Lucius's Lockbox, recover the Token of Thievery and return it to Lucius in Lakeshire.","Cracked it open, did you? Nice work, $N.$B$BIf you die now, we can rest easy knowing it was due to your own stupidity and not inexperience.","","","","",""
2283,"Necklace Recovery","We've got work for you, that is if you've got the guts to do it!$B$BDeep in the Badlands is the Uldaman dig site.  We've heard a tale about some idiot paladin who died there recently.  Why we even care is that he had a very valuable necklace on him.  It's supposedly got three large gems: a ruby, a sapphire, and a topaz.$B$BThe shot: we want it, and we're payin' TOP SILVER to get it.  It may be damaged, but that's neither here nor there; we'll fix whatever scratches are on it.","Look for a valuable necklace within the Uldaman dig site and bring it back to Dran Droffers in Orgrimmar.  The necklace may be damaged.","Mmmm salvage!  I can smell the necklace from here.  Now let's look at that beauty...$B$BHey, what do you think you're trying to do here?  This necklace is missing the gems!  You think we wouldn't notice?  Even Malton could see that the gems are gone.$B$BWell, maybe you didn't steal them... but this necklace is worthless without those gems!  Your job isn't done here yet, not by a long shot!","","","","",""
2284,"Necklace Recovery, Take 2","As sure as Malton is a dummy, those gems are still in Uldaman somewhere.  You're going to have to go back there and look for them.$B$BLike I said before, if the information we have is correct then there's a ruby, a sapphire, and a topaz that go with the necklace.  Find them and put them in the necklace.$B$BAs to where the gems are, who knows?  Maybe you'll get lucky and find the corpse of the Paladin.  If he's not been stripped clean already, then maybe he's got them on him still.","Find a clue as to the gems' whereabouts in the depths of Uldaman.","You seem to have found the remains of the $C that Dran had mentioned from before. Searching the remains uncovers what would appear to be his journal. The book is in poor condition, as dried blood has stained most of the text in the book. What you can read, however, is gibberish; it is written in the native tongue of the humans, to the best of your knowledge.$b$bYou will need the book translated if you are to glean any knowledge from it.","","","","",""
2298,"Kingly Shakedown","So there we were, about to start plottin' out phase III when a couple o' Magni's blockheads come bargin' in here talkin' bout some kind o' heist and arresting some o' the Hidden Circle.$B$BWell nobody puts the iron on old Blackbeard! The argumentations got heavy and thick and somehow yer name weres blurted out!$B$BMe advice? Take the first Gryphon out o' Ironforge and get to Stormwind. Get yerself to Old Town and once there, talk to an old friend o' mine named Renzik \"The Shiv.\"","Travel to Stormwind and seek out Renzik \"The Shiv.\"","It's always good to have one of Hulfdan's rogues among our ranks!","","","","",""
2299,"To Hulfdan!","Where have you been, $N? Hulfdan's been looking all over the place for you. We thought the king may have put you in irons.$B$BGet to Ironforge as soon as possible and speak with Hulfdan!","Travel to Ironforge and speak with Hulfdan Blackbeard.","Keep yer voice down, $N, the guards may hear ye.","","","","",""
2300,"SI:7","Renzik was looking for you, fish.$B$BI wouldn't keep Mathias's second in command waiting if I were you.\
","Travel to Stormwind and seek out Renzik \"The Shiv.\"\
","Are you ready to get to work or do you need to take a nap before we get started?","","","","",""
2318,"Translating the Journal","At an impasse of sorts, you know that you will need the book translated into a language you can understand.  There certainly are a number of people in the world who could do it; the closest location that might have someone who could, however, is the Kargath outpost in the Badlands.  Perhaps that is a good place to start.\
","Find someone who can translate the paladin's journal.  The closest location that might have someone is Kargath, in the Badlands.","Mighty $C, I know what you are doing out here in the Badlands. I know you seek my gift of tongues. You're after the parts to that necklace you found in Uldaman.$b$bSurprised? Don't be - it's my job to know such things. Instead, let's discuss what you're going to do for a translated journal. Trust me - I'm the only one you'll find that can translate it.$b$bBetter still, let me make you a better offer than Dran Droffers is, and it'll let you still complete your deal with them. Interested now, yes?","","","","",""
2338,"Translating the Journal","Droffers and Son Salvage aren't smart enough to restore the magic in the necklace, but I am.  All I want to do is study the necklace so I can learn to make them myself.  To do that, I will need your necklace.  Let me borrow it, and in exchange for the time I get to study it I will translate the journal for you.  While you are searching for the gems, I should have enough time to learn what I need to.$B$BIt's a simple deal, and no one else will be the wiser.  Whatcha wanna do?","Let Jarkal borrow the necklace.  In exchange, he will translate the journal for you.","You know a good deal when you see one - I knew I could count on you.$b$bIt will be just a moment while I cast a spell to quickly translate the human tongue into a form you will understand. I am a troll of my word; ask anyone in the Horde about Jarkal Mossmeld. Now, let's get this started...","","","","",""
2339,"Find the Gems and Power Source","Here is the journal, translated for you to read on your own.  The crux of it says dwarves hid the ruby, the troggs hid the topaz, and a trogg named Grimlok has the sapphire.$B$BLook - you're going to need a power source to make the necklace work again.  Dran Droffers doesn't know this.  To find one, here's what I'd do: go as deep as you can in Uldaman and kill whatever construct there is the strongest.  No doubt whatever that is would have it.$B$BWhen you have everything collected, come back here!","Recover all three gems and a power source for the necklace from Uldaman, and then bring them to Jarkal Mossmeld in Kargath.  Jarkal believes a power source might be found on the strongest construct present in Uldaman.$B$BFrom the journal, you know...$B* The ruby has been stashed in a barricaded Shadowforge area.$B* The topaz has been hidden in an urn in one of the Trogg areas, near some Alliance dwarves.$B* The sapphire has been claimed by Grimlok, the trogg leader.","Very well done, $C.  Now the fruits of our redirection will pay themselves out handsomely.  I'm finished with the necklace itself, and I am confident I can duplicate the construction process consistently.$B$BBut first, I will use a specially prepared incantation to quickly analyze those gems before you take them and the necklace back to Orgrimmar.  This will take just a brief moment to do.","","","","",""
2340,"Deliver the Gems","Any necklace setting and gem will work, so long as they are the same material.  This power source, however, is what will bring the magic back to the necklace... I hope.$B$BI'll gladly supply the gems needed for your version of the necklace, so long as the power source actually works.$B$BHead to Orgrimmar and keep your end of the bargain with Droffers and Son Salvage.  Just keep your mouth shut about our deal, and when you get back I might have a wonderful surprise for you.","Deliver the Necklace and Gem Salvage to Dran Droffers in Orgrimmar.","Yep, it's all here. Say, mind if we keep the bag too? No? Thanks, appreciate it! Har!$b$bThis necklace will be our greatest haul yet! Don't feel too bad though; I'm sure the necklace wouldn't fit you anyway. Har again!$b$bA deal is a deal, so here's your fee for the salvage. Our business is done here for now; check back later to see if we have more work. Until then, beat it!","","","","",""
2341,"Necklace Recovery, Take 3","As Dran and Malton Droffers begin to squabble over their new salvage, half of the deal is now complete.  A trip to the Badlands is now in order to finish things up, as Jarkal Mossmeld in Kargath might have a special reward waiting for you there.","Visit Jarkal Mossmeld in Kargath to see if he was successful.","The power source you gave me exceeded every expectation I had for it. I was able to make both you and me a necklace, and I have enough left over to make at least three more. They will fetch quite the fee, with Droffers and Son Salvage none the wiser.$b$bHere you go, my friend. I give you my thanks on a splendid job... and something quite special for your trouble.","","","","",""
2342,"Reclaimed Treasures","Sweeping the bat pens with this broom is not befitting a Garrett!  I've earned a little coin from this accursed job, and I'm willing to spend it on you to better my station.$B$BThe Garrett family weapon of choice is locked away in our chest in the South Common Hall of Uldaman from when we Garretts toiled there as diggers.  Without it, I will be stuck here forever - literally - sweeping up after these infernal bats.$B$BReclaim my family's treasure and bring it to me!  Help me restore my birthright!","Get Patrick Garrett's family treasure from their family chest in the South Common Hall of Uldaman, and bring it to him in the Undercity.","At last - a broom worthy of a Garrett.  You're bloody well worth every silver I spent on you, I say!$B$BDo you hear me, foul bats?  I now wield the Garrett family weapon of choice!  Tremble, bats, tremble!!","","","","",""
2358,"Horns of Nez'ra","Many years ago, the Horns of Nez'ra were stolen from Ravenholdt manor. Across continents and oceans I have searched, only to discover that these insignificant beasts have had it in their possession all along.$B$BSlay every Blackrock orc you cross until the Horns of Nez'ra are recovered. Should you recover the horns, find me in Lakeshire.$B$BDo this for me and your name shall be known to Ravenholdt, $N.","Return the Horns of Nez'ra to Arantir's Shadow in Lakeshire.","To deny Ravenholdt the artifact, would be to deny one's own existence. Well done, rogue. You may yet walk among the assassins of Ravenholdt.$B$BAs a young rogue adventuring in Darkshore, I discovered a tea that replenishes energy in combat. It has served me well throughout the years and now I pass on a taste of the thistle tea to you. Drink of it when you tire, $N, and fight with vigor once more!","","","","",""
2359,"Klaven's Tower","I've been staking out this tower for weeks, $N. Recently a major shipment came through from Duskwood, and along with it came those guards.$B$BWhat are they? Your guess is as good as mine. I can tell you one thing - they aren't human.$B$BAnyhow, the shipment had a chest - which is what I assume those abominations are guarding. The zombie with the spikes holds a key we'll need.$B$BGet that key, get in the tower, and uncover whatever is in that chest. Take your findings back to Mathias.","Steal the Defias Tower Key, break into the Defias Tower and uncover the contents of the Duskwood Chest. Take whatever information you find back to Mathias Shaw in Stormwind. Read Kearnen's Journal to gain insight about the tower.\
","This would explain the Defias drones you and Kearnen saw outside of the tower, $N. It would also explain the Venture Company's involvement with the Defias and the strange shipments out of Duskwood.$B$BAccording to this book, the Zanzil trolls in Stranglethorn have discovered a way to raise the dead through potions... or to be more specific: poison.$B$BYou'll be of no use to SI:7 without a firm understanding of poisons, $N -- especially with the recipe to create undeath at our fingertips.","","","","",""
2360,"Mathias and the Defias","Not a moment too soon, $N. SI:7 reconnaissance is reporting unusually heavy Defias activity in Westfall.$B$BIt would seem that the Defias have taken over an abandoned Alliance watch tower southeast of Sentinel Hill and are using it as a base of operations to smuggle in goods from the Redridge supply route.$B$BGet to Westfall and contact Agent Kearnen for your debriefing. You will find her hidden near the tower.$B$B...and $N, should you be discovered, SI:7 will disavow all knowledge of your existence. ","Travel to Westfall and find Agent Kearnen for your debriefing.","Mathias finally sent another agent to back me up, eh? Well I hope he's ready to hear some bad news.","","","","",""
2361,"Restoring the Necklace","","","I gladly give you this necklace, mighty $C.  You have done me an invaluable service, and for that I thank you.  Wear it with pride, and make sure you mention loudly and repeatedly who made it for you!$B$BAlso, if you could toss in the fact that it really isn't cursed, that would be great.",\N,\N,\N,\N,\N
2378,"Find the Shattered Hand","You have served the Deathstalkers well, $N, but perhaps it is time for you to venture outward. While you have shown aptitude in the ways of stealth and deception, you still require much training.$B$BThe Deathstalkers have allies within the Shattered Hand. Seek out those that would assist us - find Shenthul in Orgrimmar.\
","Journey to Orgrimmar and speak with Shenthul at the Cleft of Shadow.\
","So, you are what our mighty allies have sent Shenthul? How uninspiring....","","","","",""
2379,"Zando'zan","Your determination alone is not enough to overcome the obstacles that lay ahead of us.$B$BSpeak with Zando'zan to begin your training as an operative of the Shattered Hand.$B$BIt is only when you have mastered the practices of stealth and thievery that you may take the next step towards your destiny.\
","Speak with Zando'zan at the Cleft of Shadow.","Perhaps Zando'zan was wrong. Zando'zan apologizes.","","","","",""
2380,"To Orgrimmar!","A master of stealth and deception you are not, however, all of that can and will change. You've obviously impressed those in charge with your meager skills, as the great Shenthul has asked for you by name.$B$BTake the road north of here to Orgrimmar and speak with Shenthul in the Cleft of Shadow.\
","Speak with Shenthul at the Cleft of Shadow in Orgrimmar.","It is important that the Shattered Hand remains vigilant in the face of the changes Thrall wishes to bring about to the Horde. Our numbers alone will not be enough to overcome his rule - stealth and deception must be mastered.","","","","",""
2381,"Plundering the Plunderers","I don't mean to scare you, $N, but the last five thieves I sent to steal the southsea treasure came back to me in pieces.$B$BSouth along the coast you'll find Tide Razor, the southsea freebooter's ship. Nestled in the hold is the payoff - the southsea treasure. On the second level of that ship is the pirate's den, a place where they train all of their thieves.$B$BBoard that ship, steal the treasure, and bring it back to me. Use the pirate's den if you need to practice your thievery, but be careful!\
","Bring the Southsea Treasure back to Wrenix the Wretched in Ratchet. Do not forget to get an E.C.A.C. and Thieves' Tools from Wrenix's Gizmotronic Apparatus. You will need both of these items to complete your mission.$B$BShould you be attacked by any unusually hostile parrots, use your E.C.A.C.!\
\
","Incredible! Improbable! Simply amazing! You've got talent, Weir. Either that or you're the luckiest man alive!$b$bHere's your cut of the action. I'm sure you would make better use of this stuff than I could.$b$b","","","","",""
2382,"Wrenix of Ratchet","Zando'zan has seen it! Yes, the day comes! Thrall's death... the dagger in his back, poison seeping through to his every vein... Zando'zan has said too much.$B$B$N! Zando'zan has a task for $N! $N must travel to Ratchet, east of the Crossroads, and speak with Wrenix the Wretched. Go!\
","Travel to Ratchet and speak with Wrenix the Wretched.","Another one? The last five that crazy troll sent me ended up as shark food. Let's hope you fare a little better, eh?$b$b","","","","",""
2383,"Simple Parchment","Ah, while you were gone a parchment came for you, $N.$B$BRead it when you have time. If I'm not mistaken, it came from the warrior trainer Frang. He would have words with you when you're ready. You'll find him outside the Den, taking cover in the shade.","Read the Simple Parchment and speak to Frang in the Valley of Trials.","Ah, that's my parchment. I heard you'd be coming to the Valley, $N. I'm glad to see you made it--let's hope you survive the trials ahead. Like I said, as you gain in power, come to me--I will do what I can to train you in the ways of the $C.$b$bGood luck, $N, and return to me whenever you feel ready.","","","","",""
2398,"The Lost Dwarves","The dig site at Uldaman wasn't always overrun.  We Ironforge dwarves used to control the area, but... that was before the troggs came.  They came so fast and in such numbers that not even dwarven might could stop them!$B$BIn fact, their attack was so sudden that I fear some of our people may be trapped behind enemy lines.$B$BMy friend Baelog led a small band of dwarves deep within the site just before the troggs showed up.  If he and his company live, then I want you to find them.","Find Baelog in Uldaman.","It's about time you showed up! I was in danger of losing a bet with Olaf!$B$BHe wagered that his beard would grow to his knees before he saw another living $R. Well here you are, and as you can see Olaf's beard has a few more inches to go.$B$BThanks, $N. I'll split the winnings with you.","","","","",""
2399,"The Sprouted Fronds","","","The fronds Denalan planted within his garden have sprouted and grown.  They tremble, eager to be picked....","","","","",""
2418,"Power Stones","A while ago, I had an incident with the Shadowforge Dwarves.  They brought me to Angor Fortress to study two types of strange stones from Uldaman.  I discovered that the stones were sustained, stable power sources if treated correctly.  It's amazing the things one can find in that old dig site!$B$BAnyway, after I told them the secret of the stones they kicked me out of Angor Fortress and began digging for more in Uldaman.$B$BI want those stones for myself!  Bring me both types and I'll pay you plenty!","Bring 8 Dentrium Power Stones and 8 An'Alleum Power Stones to Rigglefuzz in the Badlands.","That's great, you found some!  Thanks a lot, $N.  You're the most dependable $r I've met!$B$BI can't wait to try these on some devices I've been tinkering with.  I bet that, under the right circumstances, devices powered with these stones will keep going, and going, and going...","","","","",""
2438,"The Emerald Dreamcatcher","I was once given an emerald dreamcatcher from Gaerolas Talvethen, the warden of the druids in the Ban'ethil Barrow Den. This powerful amulet is able to siphon energy from the Emerald Dream, bestowing luck upon those who carry it.$B$BSadly, I have not been able to retrieve it from my dresser in Starbreeze Village... Although Starbreeze was once a tranquil place, it has now succumbed to the corruption of the furbolg that reside there.$B$BPerhaps you would be willing to recover my dreamcatcher, $c?","Bring the Emerald Dreamcatcher to Tallonkai Swiftroot in Dolanaar.","My emerald dreamcatcher is of great importance to me. It is a gift only given to few. Thank you for returning it, $N.","","","","",""
2439,"The Platinum Discs","This object is an incredible find.  The ancient Titans, or the Creators as these discs refer to them as, are the link to our enchanted creation, if the lore stored in here is correct!  We'll need to invest as much research time into this as possible.$B$BAs for you, heroic $c, take this voucher to Dinita Stonemantle at the vault.  It grants you what I think is a fitting for such a tremendous find!$B$BReturn to me directly when you are ready; there is much more to do for the Explorers' League!","Take your reward voucher to Dinita Stonemantle in the Vault of Ironforge.","As yes, a voucher from the Explorers' League... and quite the valuable one, might I add.$B$BThe Explorers' League lends me the authority to offer you a choice in your compensation directly from their vault.  You are to receive this item, and you may choose between five superior healing potions or five greater mana potions as your reward.","","","","",""
2440,"The Platinum Discs","I shall focus my energies on these discs; they will reveal their true workings to me in due time.$B$BAs for you $N, I will now reward you for your diligence in bringing this to my attention.  Take this voucher to Bena Winterhoof, the alchemy trainer for Thunder Bluff.  She will give you a special item I believe you will find appealing, and she will supply you with a choice of potions from my personal stock.$B$BReturn to me soon, as I sense there is much more at hand for us to do regarding this find.","Take the reward voucher to Bena Winterhoof in Thunder Bluff.","Well $N, you must have pleased Sage Truthseeker greatly for him to give you this item.  You are also to be granted a gift from his cache of potions; you may choose between 5 superior healing potions or 5 greater mana potions as your reward.","","","","",""
2458,"Deep Cover","The Venture Company... Perhaps you have heard of them?$B$BFor one year we have worked on planting an agent deep within their ranks. Through much hard work and careful planning, we succeeded.$B$BRecently we received word that the Venture Co. are planning something on a grand scale. Go north of the Sludge Fen to the Venture Co. tower and contact our undercover agent, Taskmaster Fizzule.$B$BWhen you find the tower, use this flare gun, then approach Fizzule and show him the salute of the Shattered Hand.\
","Travel to the Venture Co. Tower, north of the Sludge Fen and contact the Shattered Hand's covert operative, Taskmaster Fizzule.$B$BWhen the tower is in sight, use the Flare Gun to signal your arrival to Taskmaster Fizzule. Fire off TWO flares, then approach Taskmaster Fizzule and perform the Shattered /Salute.$B$BThese actions must be performed in the correct order, as Fizzule will attack and terminate any person he does not recognize.","It's good to see another agent of the Shattered Hand in these parts, however, the flare may have been a little too much!$B$BNext time you need to speak with me, blow into this whistle twice and I'll know you are an ally.","","","","",""
2459,"Ferocitas the Dream Eater","The emerald... It is missing! My dreamcatcher has been damaged!$B$BThere is a band of Gnarlpine mystics located to the north of Starbreeze. I have heard reports that their leader, Ferocitas the Dream Eater has been wearing a necklace that glows green in the night. Now seeing my dreamcatcher, I am sure that he has stolen my emerald... He would never realize that its power is useless to him.$B$BFind this missing jewel, $N. And, while you're there, clear out some of the corrupted mystics as well.","Tallonkai Swiftroot in Dolanaar wants you to kill 7 Gnarlpine Mystics and find the Missing Jewel.","Now I can repair my dreamcatcher.  Thank you, $N.","","","","",""
2460,"The Shattered Salute","As a rogue of the Shattered Hand, it is imperative that you learn the Shattered Salute. It is the only way to truly identify another member of the Hand.$B$BWatch, learn, repeat.","Perform the Shattered Salute on Shenthul.","Well done, $N. You are now ready to proceed.","Shattered Salute Performed","","","",""
2478,"Mission: Possible But Not Probable","You will need to steal the tower key from Foreman Silixiz, $N. Once you've got the key in your possession, hold on to it - I may need it later.$B$BRemember, the poison has weakened everything in this tower. Use your abilities to bring chaos and destruction to its inhabitants. Slay them all -- show no mercy!$B$BOnce everything inside lays in a bloodied heap, pick Gallywix's lockbox and steal the cache of Zanzil's mixture held inside. Take both the head of Gallywix and the mixture to Shenthul in Orgrimmar.","Steal Silixiz's Tower Key from Foreman Silixiz, then kill two Mutated Venture Co. Drones, two Venture Co. Patrollers, and two Venture Co. Lookouts.$B$BAssassinate Grand Foreman Gallywix and take his head, then pick the lock on Gallywix's lockbox and steal the Cache of Zanzil's Altered Mixture. Take the Cache and Gallywix's Head back to Shenthul in Orgrimmar for further instruction.\
","Poor Fizzule, he was a good agent -- one of our best. Alas, it is the price we pay, $N. Being a field agent of the Shattered Hand is dangerous work.$B$BYou have performed your duty well, $C. It would be a shame if you did not live to serve us again.","","","","",""
2479,"Hinott's Assistance","Take a sample of the mixture to Serge Hinott in Tarren Mill.$B$BIf anyone can cure you, it's Serge. Live long enough and Serge will show you the ways of poison creation and use.","Travel to Tarren Mill in Hillsbrad Foothills and deliver the Sample of Zanzil's Mixture to Serge Hinott.$B$BTo get to Tarren Mill, take the Zeppelin to the Undercity and follow the road south through Silverpine and towards Hillsbrad. Follow the signs!\
\
","You look deliciously pale, $C. And what is that foul aroma you are giving off? I must know!","","","","",""
2480,"Hinott's Assistance","I have never seen such wondrous results from a poison! Zanzil you say? Never heard of him, however, I must commend him on the creation of this concoction.$B$BSo, I am to cure you of this and then teach you how to make use of the poison?$B$BGive me a few moments to examine the toxin, $N.","Wait for Serge Hinott to complete the cure.","The cure is ready! Drink this anti-toxin and the creeping madness will stop, however, I will not be able to do anything about the smell.","Cure Completed","","","",""
2498,"Return to Denalan","I have just received word that  Denalan at Lake Al'Ameth has discovered what may be the cause of the tumors that plague the timberlings. Please speak with him, and tell him I sent you.$B$BMake haste, $N; he needs our help.","Rellian Greenspyre wants you to speak with Denalan at Lake Al'Ameth.","Ah, so Rellian sent you to aid me. I am glad you arrived here so soon.$B$BI have discovered something quite disturbing!","","","","",""
2499,"Oakenscowl","In a cave along the southern bank of the lake, a timberling named Oakenscowl is spreading corruption to all the creatures that make Lake Al'Ameth their home.$B$BI dared not get too close, but even from a distance, it is obvious: Oakenscowl is being poisoned by the largest tumor I have ever seen...  I would call it gargantuan, even.$B$B$N, you have already done much to aid my efforts, but I ask of you one more task. Hunt down Oakenscowl and collect the tumor; remove this source of corruption from my home.","Denalan at Lake Al'Ameth wants you to collect the Gargantuan Tumor from Oakenscowl.","I knew you were more than capable of ridding the lake of that horrible beast.$B$BIt is a distressing situation; Oakenscowl was once a grand leader amongst his kind... but corruption does not discriminate between the lowly and the noble.$B$BThe size of this tumor is quite disturbing, but I must study it to learn more about the disease that upsets the timberling population.$B$BThank you, $N.","","","","",""
2500,"Badlands Reagent Run","$C, I would make use of your services.  I am an alchemist of some note, and I seek your aid in acquiring some reagents found out in the Badlands.$B$BI need the following items to replenish my stocks: five buzzard gizzards, ten crag coyote fangs, and five rock elemental shards.  Obviously, you can get them off of the beasties themselves; if you're not the fighting type, then find friends who are.$B$BAcquire these items for me, you'll get some coin out of the deal.$B$BWell, what say ye?","Acquire the reagents Ghak Healtouch needs from the Badlands, then return to him in Thelsamar.","Ah, well done $N.  These should last me for a little while at least.  Here is your pay, as promised.$B$BIf you're interested, I have some more reagents I could use.  These, however, are only found in the depths of the Uldaman excavation.  They will not be easy to get, but I will make it worth your while if you are interested in helping me again.$B$BPerhaps something more than some shiny coins, yes?","","","","",""
2501,"Badlands Reagent Run II","You have been most helpful to me, $N.  I would like to reward you with the very recipe for the brew I gave you earlier, but I must ask of you a favor that is quite dangerous.$B$BThis lockbox contains three empty thaumaturgy vessels; they are imbued with an attunement aura that will drain the blood of a scorched guardian dragon.  Using one on the beast will anger it greatly, so be careful.  Once you have all three filled, bring them to me.$B$BDo this, and the recipe will be yours.","Use the empty thaumaturgy vessels on scorched guardian dragons found in the Badlands.  Once you have them filled, bring them to Ghak Healtouch in Thelsamar.","From one alchemist to another, I salute you.  Here, take this recipe and commit it to your knowledge.  May it bring you the success and rewards that it has brought me over the years!","","","","",""
2518,"Tears of the Moon","Lady Sathrah was once beloved of Elune. Graceful and pure, the spider spun her silver threads through the moonlight, catching the evening mist. The silvery dew had strong healing powers and was kept here in the temple.$B$BBut of late, Sathrah has descended into madness. Her future generations are now threatened as well.$B$BFind Lady Sathrah, $N, and end her suffering. She dwells along the northern borders of Teldrassil, near Wellspring Lake. Gather her silvery spinnerets and bring them back to me.","Priestess A'moora in the Temple of the Moon at Darnassus wants you to bring her Lady Sathrah's Silvery Spinnerets.","The forest mourns for Lady Sathrah, but it was something that had to be done.$B$BThank you, $N.","","","","",""
2519,"The Temple of the Moon","A once great creature of the forest is in need of help, $r.$B$BThere is a difficult task that must be done.$B$BPlease seek out Priestess A'moora; she will explain things to you. Find her to the southeast of here, inside the Temple of the Moon.","Sister Aquinne wants you to speak with Priestess A'moora in the Temple of the Moon.","So, Sister Aquinne sent you?","","","","",""
2520,"Sathrah's Sacrifice","Now you must finish the task to which you have been appointed. Take the spinnerets and offer Lady Sathrah's sacrifice to Elune; lay the great spider to rest.$B$BInside this temple, find the central fountain. There is where you may leave the sacrifice.  The holy waters will purify and cleanse the corruption that drove Sathrah mad.$B$BWhen you have completed this, return to me.","Priestess A'moora wants you to place Lady Sathrah's silvery spinnerets at the fountain inside the temple, and then return to her.","The loss of Lady Sathrah is distressing, but in this way only may she be reborn with a renewed spirit.$B$BMay Elune willingly accept the sacrifice that you have offered her.","Offer the sacrifice at the fountain","","","",""
2521,"To Serve Kum'isha","$R, can your miniscule brain comprehend the rarity of a flawless sphere of draenethyst? Draenei have spent lifetimes in search of just one of these crystals, only to meet horrible fates, their purpose unfulfilled.$B$BSo you stand before Kum'isha, knowing what Kum'isha has requested and still wish to assist? Very well, $r... At any time during your travels across these lands, should you find a flawless sphere of draenethyst, return it to me and I shall reward you with riches beyond your wildest dreams.  ","In your journeys throughout the Blasted Lands, should you ever come across a Flawless Draenethyst Sphere, take the item back to Kum'isha the Collector.$B$BBe warned, this gem is one of the most rare crystals in all of Azeroth. Any creature in these lands could be holding a Flawless Draenethyst Sphere.$B$BYou will be rewarded for each Flawless Draenethyst Sphere you have collected.","Do my eyes deceive me? Impossible! Where did you... How...$B$BPerhaps now a rift can be opened, returning us to our homeland.","","","","",""
2522,"Kum'isha's Endeavors","Even though the portal conjuration was a failure, I remain hopeful that my next attempt will be successful.$B$BThe hope of the Draenei is as fervent as your greed for trinkets, $r. Go back out into these cursed lands and recover another flawless draenethyst sphere.$B$BOf course, the choice to take on this task is completely left to you *grin*.","Find and return a Flawless Draenethyst Sphere to Kum'isha the Collector.","Simply amazing. I had doubted that you could find another sphere, yet here it is, pulsating in my hands.$B$BWell done, $N!$B$BShould you find anymore--and I believe this to be an impossibility--return them to me and I shall reward you again.","","","","",""
2523,"Corrupted Songflower","","","You apply some Cenarion plant salve to the songflower. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
2541,"The Sleeping Druid","The Gnarlpine shaman that inhabit this place have discovered a way of separating a sleeping druid's spirit from the physical body. The furbolg have animated my physical form and are using it to attack anyone that attempts to explore the Ban'ethil Barrow Den. I am now trapped in the Emerald Dream, powerless to stop this.$B$BYou must help me. The Gnarlpine shaman carry a strange charm which is used to perform this ritual, and I'd like to examine it. Please, $N, bring one to me.","Bring a Shaman Voodoo Charm to Oben Rageclaw in the Ban'ethil Barrow Den.","Thank you, $N.$B$BWhat an odd trinket this is... I can sense the vile aura emanating from it; this is a very powerful enchantment.","","","","",""
2561,"Druid of the Claw","After examining this charm, $N, I see now what must be done. Please take it, and do as I ask.$B$BYou are to explore the deepest areas of the Ban'ethil Barrow Den. There, you will find my soulless body... Although I regret what I am about to tell you, I see no other way to free myself from the control of the Gnarlpine.$B$BIn order for me to escape them, you must kill my physical form.  Once that is done, use the voodoo charm on my fallen body. After you have completed this task, please return to me.","Oben Rageclaw wants you to kill his soulless body, and then use the Voodoo Charm.","I am finally free of the control of the Gnarlpine. Thank you, $N.$B$BMy spirit may now rest peacefully forever in the Emerald Dream.$B$BPerhaps one day we may meet again, young $c. But, for now, please accept this reward as a symbol of my gratitude.","Release Oben Rageclaw's spirit","","","",""
2581,"Snickerfang Jowls","It is a well known fact that hyenas possess tremendous strength in their jowls, but the strength to snap through three inches of thorium steel? Impossible, improbable, and yet I have seen this demonstrated with my own eyes.$B$BVenture forth, into the Blasted Lands, and bring me three snickerfang jowls. As you search for the snickerfang, be on the lookout for boars and scorpoks: The initial assay also requires two blasted boar lungs and one scorpok pincer to complete.","Bring three Snickerfang Jowls, two Blasted Boar Lungs, and one Scorpok Pincer to Bloodmage Drazial.","How do you feel, $N? You radiate with the aura of the snickerfang--your strength, unmatched by mortals!$B$BUnfortunately, with the components you brought to me, I could only make enough of the assay for one tablet. I will require more components, should you require another tablet.","","","","",""
2582,"Rage of Ages","Ah, $N, welcome back. It seems you enjoyed the effect of the robust, operational imbue, derived from snickerfang. Be warned, while the immediate effect is a titanic burst of strength, the long term effects on your spirit and intelligence could be hazardous.$B$BWith that said, do you require more? If so, bring me another three snickerfang jowls, two blasted boar lungs, and one scorpok pincer.","Bring three Snickerfang Jowls, two Blasted Boar Lungs, and one Scorpok Pincer to Bloodmage Drazial.","There you go! Remember, use it sparingly. If you require another, come see me after you finish the one you currently have in your possession.","","","","",""
2583,"A Boar's Vitality","Within these blasted lands exists two species of boar: the ash-mane boar and the helboar.$B$BIt would appear that the stamina of these beasts renders them nearly immune to harm, as the other animals find them too difficult to kill and consequently, not worth the effort.$B$BWe need to perform further analysis, $N. Should you bring me three blasted boar lungs, two scorpok pincers, and one basilisk brain, I shall create a divine elixir from the residue of the assay. You will be my first test subject!","Bring three Blasted Boar Lungs, two Scorpok Pincers, and one Basilisk Brain to Bloodmage Drazial.\
","The spirit of the boar illuminates your being, $N! I wonder, do you believe yourself to be as invulnerable as these beasts?\
","","","","",""
2584,"Spirit of the Boar","When I first administered the elixir, $N, I could tell that one or two applications would not satiate your appetite. Even now, I can see the hunger in your eyes. The concoction has addictive properties of which, seemingly, the most strong of will cannot resist.$B$BSo be it! Should you require more of the lung juice cocktail, venture back into the wasteland and find for me three blasted boar lungs, two scorpok pincers, and one basilisk brain.","Bring three Blasted Boar Lungs, two Scorpok Pincers, and one Basilisk Brain to Bloodmage Drazial.\
","I must warn you, $N, do not attempt to mix the formulas I have created. The chemical properties of the formula you most recently ingested will always take precedence over former enchantments; thus, rendering the other formulation null.","","","","",""
2585,"The Decisive Striker","Have you ever watched them in battle, $N? The scorpoks, I mean. Have you ever seen the grace and agility with which they move? The decisiveness of their strikes?$B$BIf only we could somehow isolate that agility and encapsulate it, we would be wealthy beyond our... I mean... it would be a boon for the scientific community.$B$BAssist me, $N, and I shall allow you a sampling of the assay.$B$BIn order to create a stable sample, I will need three scorpok pincers, two vulture gizzards, and one blasted boar lung.","Bring three Scorpok Pincers, two Vulture Gizzards, and one Blasted Boar Lung to Bloodmage Drazial.\
","Fascinating. This has been the most difficult of all assays to analyze.$B$BTake a pinch of this residual salt and place it under your tongue. You should experience a slight feeling of euphoria followed by a state of unprecedented agility and quickness.","","","","",""
2586,"Salt of the Scorpok","You live! This is good news, indeed. I assume you are back for more of the scorpok assay?$B$BVery well, $N, back to the wasteland with you and do not return until you have collected three scorpok pincers, two vulture gizzards, and one blasted boar lung.","Bring three Scorpok Pincers, two Vulture Gizzards, and one Blasted Boar Lung to Bloodmage Drazial.","Fine work, $N. Here is one sample of the assay for you and the remaining nine will be used in my research.$b$bAnytime you require more of the ground scorpok assay, return to me and we shall work out a deal.","","","","",""
2601,"The Basilisk's Bite","These wastelands are riddled with redstone basilisk, $N. These basilisk have adapted and flourished, more so than any of the other wildlife within the region.$B$BI have watched from afar as they hunt and go about their daily activities - the beasts exhibit a thought process more complex than even some humanoids.$B$BI must study their brains!$B$BRetrieve ten of their brains for me, $N. The compound cannot be complete, however, without two vulture gizzards to form the base of the solution.","Bring ten Basilisk Brains and two Vulture Gizzards to Bloodmage Lynnore.\
","This is wondrous, $N! My offering to you is a taste of the inner workings of the redstone basilisk.$B$BShould the compound be to your liking, more can always be made... for a price.","","","","",""
2602,"Infallible Mind","Your focused concentration has dwindled so soon? More research must be done!$B$BOh yes, the price remains the same, $N. Venture forth into the blasted lands and return to me with ten brains from the redstone and two vulture gizzards.\
","Bring ten Basilisk Brains and two Vulture Gizzards to Bloodmage Lynnore.","Yes, yes, give me a moment and more of the compound will be ready for your consumption, $N.$B$BTake it... and $N, do not attempt to consume these experimental concoctions in rapid succession. The results could be disastrous.","","","","",""
2603,"Vulture's Vigor","Death does indeed have wings in these blasted lands, $r. I have witnessed the black slayers and bonepickers feasting upon the corpse of many a fallen explorer - sometimes feeding upon the most vile and disease ridden of carcasses. It is a wonder, then, how their internal systems overcome the pestilence that claims these lands.$B$BAssist me in my studies, $N! Gizzards I need! Two snickerfang jowls will also be required for the base of the concoction.$B$BYou shall be rewarded two-fold for your efforts.","Bring ten Vulture Gizzards and two Snickerfang Jowls to Bloodmage Lynnore.\
","Most excellent! I shall get to work immediately. Perhaps a cure for many of the ailments of the world is to be found!$B$BAh yes, your reward - of course, should you require more of the gum, return to me and another task you shall be given.","","","","",""
2604,"Spiritual Domination","I see that the inner fire has dwindled. Would you say the spiritual euphoria lasted an hour?$B$BIf it's more of the gizzard gum you desire, then more of the gizzards I require. Back to the wastelands, $N. Do not return until you have recovered ten gizzards and two jowls.","Bring ten Vulture Gizzards and two Snickerfang Jowls to Bloodmage Lynnore.\
","Perhaps one day I shall be able to isolate the active enzymes of this assay and produce a much more efficient resultant. Unfortunately, you will have to settle for what I am currently able to produce. Return to me should you require more gizzard gum.","","","","",""
2605,"The Thirsty Goblin","I've got an idea, see. I've heard of some strange creatures called dew collectors that live to the southwest... and that they are able to store water in special glands.$B$BI think that if I could get one of these glands, I could create a drink that would quench my terrible thirst! Do you think you could help me, $N?$B$BLook for the cactus garden, $N; that's where you'll find the dew collectors.","Collect a Laden Dew Gland and bring it to Marin Noggenfogger in Gadgetzan.","Oh, wonderful! Give it here -- let me drink it!","","","","",""
2606,"In Good Taste","Blech! This stuff tastes terrible! So much for that idea...$B$BWait, what's that? Oh, I know, I know, you think I shouldn't give up on this stuff. Well, okay then.$B$BUhhhh, I have an idea! Brilliant! Take this dew to my friend Sprinkle -- she's an excellent chef. Tell her what we're up to here and that we want to make it go down a little easier.$B$BI mean, if it's going to taste that bad, it at least should have some kick to it... And I'm just not feeling it... ","Marin Noggenfogger wants you to speak with Sprinkle in Gadgetzan.","Marin's a good guy, don't get me wrong -- just a little... eccentric, I'd say.$B$BAnd of course he needs my help, yet again.","","","","",""
2607,"The Touch of Zanzil","It appears as if you've brought back more information than even I expected. This certainly is a strange turn of events, $N.$B$BA cure? Hrm... Go down to the cellar and speak with Doc Mixilpixil - he may be able to help.","Speak with Doc Mixilpixil in the cellar of the Barracks.","It's about time! Just put the cheese on the table and skedaddle. Osborne will pay you on the way out.","","","","",""
2608,"The Touch of Zanzil","Oh my, you look like death. Correction - I've seen death, you look worse than death. You, $g sir:miss;, would be what death coughed up at his last physical.$B$BHah! You hear that Noarm? Write that one down!$B$B*Cough* Hrm yes, in order for me to help you, I'll need to draw some blood. Don't worry, it only hurts the first few... fifty times or so... /lay down when you're ready for the treatment, $N.","/Lay down to be examined by Doc Mixilpixil. How can he find the cure if he can't find the cause?\
","Give me a moment to confer with my colleagues, $N. Dr. Montgomery, Mr. Noarm, let us conference!","Diagnosis Complete","","","",""
2609,"The Touch of Zanzil","It's unanimous, $N. You've got the 'itis.'$B$BLuckily, I have a cure for the 'itis.'$B$BHere's what I need: One bundle of simple wildflowers, one leaded vial, one bronze tube, and last but certainly not least, one spool of light chartreuse silk thread. Ol' Emma left a spool of it for me at 'The Finest Thread.' You can find the shop along the canals.$B$BHurry along now, $N, and try not to touch anyone until you're cured. Oh, and Dr. Montgomery says you need a shower -- his words, not mine.","Bring Doc Mixilpixil one bundle of Simple Wildflowers, one Leaded Vial, one Bronze Tube, and one Spool of Light Chartreuse Silk Thread. The 'itis' doesn't cure itself, young $g fella:lady;. ","What am I doing? What does it look like I'm doing? I'm devising a cure for your 'itis!' Don't get indignant with me now, $n!$b$bJust a few more seconds. There! Just spray this, um, fantastic smelling medicine on yourself and you'll be as good as new.","","","","",""
2621,"The Disgraced One","Regret. It is all I have now. One bad decision resulting in several horrible outcomes. If only I had waited for those orders. Maybe they would have detailed the horrors that awaited us in those cursed lands! Maybe they were to redirect us to another detail? Ultimately, it was my fault. All of it was my fault.$B$BSo here I stand, awaiting orders. I must know. I must have those orders.$B$BDispatch Commander Ruag resides in Stonard. Find him and find out what became of the orders.\
","Speak to Dispatch Commander Ruag in Stonard.","Thrall's Grasp... The story is still fresh in my mind.$B$B<Commander Ruag shakes his head.>$B$BTerrible thing that happened to that regiment. The horde lost some of its best soldiers when that battalion was destroyed.","","","","",""
2622,"The Missing Orders","The orders? What could you possibly want with the orders?$B$BWhat are you implying, $N? Of course I relayed those orders! The soldiers I sent the orders with were ambushed and brutally beaten by murlocs. Only one survived, if you can call that surviving. He can hardly speak, cannot walk, and must be fed through a tube. If you want to know what happened to those orders, speak with Bengor. I'm sure he is around here somewhere... and, $N, be mindful of what you stick your nose into - it may get bitten off.","Speak to Bengor.","Swamp tal... talk.. talker...\
","","","","",""
2623,"The Swamp Talker","Orders were given by the dispatch commander. We took... took orders. On way to Blasted Lands, ambushed.$B$BMurlocs... Many murlocs... One named Swamp Talker. Took orders from my hands as spear thrust into my skull. East... cave....$B$B<Bengor passes out.>\
","Retrieve the Warchief's Orders and return them to the Fallen Hero of the Horde.","It is worse than I imagined. Nineteen of my men could have been spared from the agony which they faced. If only I had not acted so irrationally.$B$BYou must help them, $N! I am powerless to act.","","","","",""
2641,"Sprinkle's Secret Ingredient","When I was a kid, my sister used to do all the cooking. It was horrible! I could barely stomach some of her concoctions -- until I found what I like to call my \"secret\" ingredient! Add it to anything, and... WOW! It tastes great!$B$BWhat is it, you ask? It's a mushroom called the Violet Tragan. If you want me to help you turn this horrid-tasting brew into something edible, head to the Hinterlands, and look for a small lake there.$B$BOh, and remember, the Violet Tragan can only be found underwater.","Sprinkle in Gadgetzan wants you to collect a Violet Tragan and return it to her.","That's the stuff, $N!$B$BIt looks so good, I might just...  Haha, gotcha!","","","","",""
2661,"Delivery for Marin","Here's the Violet Powder, $N. Take it to Marin and tell him he owes me a favor!","Sprinkle wants to you take the Violet Powder to Marin Noggenfogger in Gadgetzan.","Violet Powder, eh? Let's give it a try -- it sure couldn't make it any worse, that's for sure!","","","","",""
2662,"Noggenfogger Elixir","Now, to mix this powder in with the dew.$B$BCome back and talk to me in a minute... after I have perfected the fabulous Noggenfogger Elixir!","Marin Noggenfogger wants you to speak to him again after he creates his elixir.","Drink this! It's absolutely wonderful!!!$B$BI knew I had it in me... Oh thanks again, $N for your help, but please, stand a little to the side, will you? You're blocking my business! I'm going to make millions on the fabulous Noggenfogger Elixir, millions!$B$BWhat's that? Sprinkle says I owe her a favor? Oh, that Sprinkle, such a kidder!","","","","",""
2681,"The Stones That Bind Us","It will take more than you alone to overcome the forces of Razelikh and his subordinates.$B$BGather a suitable group of adventurers and free my men of their eternal torture! Eighteen stones you must shatter.$B$BFight hard and die with honor, $N.","Free nine Servants of Razelikh, three Servants of Sevine, three Servants of Allistarj, and three Servants of Grol. Return to the Fallen Hero when your task is complete. You must remain within close proximity of the stones or the process will fail.","You have done it, $N! The poor, tortured souls can finally rest.$b$bOur work is not yet over, $N. We have much to discuss and much more to accomplish.","","Servants of Razelikh Freed","Servants of Grol Freed","Servants of Allistarj Freed","Servants of Sevine Freed"
2701,"Heroes of Old","Please, take from this a relic of old. We no longer have a use for the item.$B$BMay it serve you well in your fight against the legion.\
","Open the chest and claim your reward.","You are temporarily blinded by the sparkle and gleam.","","","","",""
2702,"Heroes of Old","You have honored me with your nobility and heroism, $N.$B$BYou have also honored them...","Speak to Corporal Thund Splithoof.","Indeed, you have honored us all. Our thanks alone are not sufficient.","","","","",""
2721,"Kirith","As one chapter of your adventure closes, another one begins, $N.$B$BOne of my men is still unaccounted for, lost somewhere in the Blasted Lands. I am talking about Lieutenant Kirith, of course.$B$BAs I had mentioned earlier, we were both imprisoned and tortured by Allistarj, but poor Kirith, his strength of will faltered. I could hear the experiments from my cage; the tortured screams rang through the halls of the cave. That was the last I saw or heard of Kirith.","Find out what became of Lieutenant Kirith.","Trebor? Trebor sent you?","","","","",""
2741,"The Super Egg-O-Matic",""," ","You place the hippogryph egg into the machine. A series of beeps follows along with some strange mechanical sounds.$B$BIt appears that the Eggometer has weighed, measured, and packaged your egg. Now that's speedy service!","","","","",""
2742,"Rin'ji is Trapped!","Hey $r!$B$BRin'ji lost axe and was captured! Please, help Rin'ji escape. Me know that $r like you don't like Rin'ji's kind, but Rin'ji begs! Must get out of here!$B$BGot something for nice $r if $Ghe helps Rin'ji out of here:she helps Rin'ji out of here;...$B$BRin'ji is hiding something secret at the Overlook Cliffs.","Escort Rin'ji out of the Quel'Danil Lodge, then find his hidden secret at the Overlook Cliffs to the east.","This troll tablet must be the \"secret\" that Rin'ji was talking about.$B$BCovered with strange markings, you can not decipher what the tablet says.","Escort Rin'ji to safety","","","",""
2743,"The Cover of Darkness","Let us not mince words, $r; my time here is limited.$B$BYou must destroy the triad of power which protects the demon lord, Razelikh. Doing so will not be as simple a task as freeing a damned soul.$B$B<Kirith grins.>$B$BYou see, each of Razelikh's underlings wears a third of an amulet of Razelikh's creation around their neck. The very same amulet you will need in order to summon the arch demon.$B$BReturn to Trebor and tell him what is required to summon Razelikh. He will be able to instruct you further.","Return to the Fallen Hero of the Horde with your findings.","The demon lord displays a cunning almost as calculated as his brutality, $N.","","","","",""
2744,"The Demon Hunter","The triad is protected by Razelikh.$B$BIn exchange for their servitude, Razelikh granted each of them nearly unlimited power within the Blasted Lands. The amulet pieces are each attuned to the lifeforce of their owner, granting them immortality. As long as they remain within the Blasted Lands, they cannot be slain, their life spans extended until the end of days.$B$BThere is one who may be able to assist you further, $N. Travel to Azshara and find the demon hunter, Loramus Thalipedes. Search the islands.","Speak with Loramus Thalipedes in Azshara.","I will help you. Although, I do not think you fully understand what you are up against.","Conversation with Loramus","","","",""
2745,"Infiltrating the Castle","Hmm, an interesting tale, and not one to be taken lightly. Yeah, I can help you, but what you need to do is divvy out a form of justice that's not... legal, if you're to see this through to the end.$B$BLescovar and Marzon need to be dealt with, and swiftly. Do you think you're capable of such a thing?$B$BYou decide. If so, then make haste to the castle and find an old friend of mine, a gnome named Tyrion. He's been watching Lescovar now for a couple weeks. He should be able to help you end this.","Speak to Tyrion in Stormwind Castle.","What the...?! Don't sneak up on me like that! And keep your voice down! What in the name of the Shadow are doing sneakin' up on me for? Can't you see I'm busy, you daft fool?$b$bWhat do you mean, what am I doing? I'm waiting for the next Dark Portal to open, what the heck do you think I'm doing? Speak your peace and be off with you... 'fore the guards notice the two of us hiding in the bushes together. I have a reputation to maintain.","","","","",""
2746,"Items of Some Consequence","Trias wants the timetable pushed up some, huh? Okay, we can do that, but I'm not ready. And know this, I'm doing the hard part, but you're the one that's going to get $g his:her; hands dirty, understand? Good.$B$BOkay, I'll need you to get me a few things before I can put my plan into effect. I got the perfect disguise that'll get Spybot past those guards.$B$BBring me some silk and a couple apples. The silk's up to you, but Clara's little farm right outside the city has the perfect sized apples.","Bring 3 Silk Cloth and 2 of Clara's Fresh Apples to Tyrion in Stormwind.","These will do nicely, $N. Great job.$b$bI have the rest of the gear I'll need in my pack... thank the Light I just got a tailor friend of mine to make me a silk bag. I was running out of room carrying all my gear around.$b$bBefore Spybot heads in, let's get the details set so you know what you have to do.","","","","",""
2747,"An Extraordinary Egg","","","Well now, you have one--amazing!$B$BI hope you always remember the good you have done today.","","","","",""
2748,"A Fine Egg","","","Very good, $N. I will be sending this egg to Darnassus where I hope it will soon hatch!$B$BPlease accept this as a symbol of my gratitude.","","","","",""
2749,"An Ordinary Egg","","","So, you have found an ordinary egg, $N? Please give it to me... And we can only hope for the best.$B$BI don't have much, but please accept this reward. If you ever find yourself in Feralas again, know that I am always here to take the eggs you find there.","","","","",""
2750,"A Bad Egg","","","I am afraid I have bad news for you, $N. This egg is too far gone. I can take it from you so that it may be disposed of properly.$B$BPlease don't be discouraged; we cannot save them all. If you find yourself in Feralas again, please try again. Bring another egg for the Super Egg-O-Matic!","","","","",""
2751,"Barbaric Battlements","Twenty generations of Omosh have held this hammer, $N. A hundred thousand tons of metal we have molded. Tragically, it all ends at Orokk, failure of the Omosh: Without kin and incapable of producing offspring.$B$BI cannot let the secret recipes of Omosh die with me! Someone must continue the legacy, Omosh or not!$B$BProve to Orokk you are capable, $N. Bring for Orokk the following: Two patterned bronze bracers, two bronze greatswords, and two sharp claws. Bring them for Orokk and we shall continue.","Bring two Patterned Bronze Bracers, two Bronze Greatswords, and two Sharp Claws to Orokk Omosh in Orgrimmar.\
","The bloodline will fade but perhaps the legend of Omosh will continue!$B$BYou have proven that you are a blacksmith, $N. For the blacksmith the reward is the satisfaction of seeing their weapons and armors coated in the blood of their enemies!$B$BMay the breastplates you create for the generations ahead be drenched in the blood of your enemies!","","","","",""
2752,"On Iron Pauldrons","Orokk sees the eagerness in your eyes, $N. Like a sponge you soak in the wisdom of the Omosh.$B$BThree lessons I shall teach!$B$BReturn to the anvil, soak in the heat of the forge, create for Orokk four bronze battleaxes and four bronze warhammers. Only then will you learn of the iron pauldron.","Bring four Bronze Battleaxes and four Bronze Warhammers to Orokk Omosh in Orgrimmar.","You do Orokk proud, $N. Read, learn of iron shoulders!","","","","",""
2753,"Trampled Under Foot","Only two more lessons Orokk will teach, $N. Your muscles ache, I know, but continue on for the Omosh!$B$BBring to Orokk four green iron helms, four green iron bracers, and two green iron leggings - for this you learn and your enemies suffer!","Bring four Green Iron Helms, four Green Iron Bracers, and two Green Iron Leggings to Orokk Omosh in Orgrimmar.","You remind Orokk of his grandfather, Chief Gorokk of Omosh! Read, learn of the iron boot.","","","","",""
2754,"Horns of Frenzy","The final lesson Orokk teaches you, $N. To the sacred anvil and forge you return! Bring for Orokk two solid iron mauls, two silvered bronze boots, and two silvered bronze gauntlets.$B$BSee the fear in their eyes as you approach!\
","Bring two Solid Iron Mauls, two Silvered Bronze Boots, and two Silvered Bronze Gauntlets to Orokk Omosh in Orgrimmar.","Astounding! You have learned the way of the Omosh, $N!","","","","",""
2755,"Joys of Omosh","Orokk is not crying, $N. Soot is in eye.$B$B<Orokk wipes a tear away.>$B$BThere is one last Omosh family secret Orokk will teach you. Orokk will die happy, thanks to $N.$B$BLearn Omosh dance of joy and then you learn fist of iron!\
","Watch and learn the Omosh Dance of Joy.","<Orokk pants.>$B$BIt has been a very long time since Orokk has done the Omosh dance of joy. Learn now, $N!","Omosh Dance of Joy Learned","","","",""
2756,"The Old Ways","In the time of legends, Aturk would crush the skulls of his enemies and grind the bone into a fine powder for use in filament. Long gone are those days, $r. The Warchief calls for peace among the clans. Old enemies are now only watched with weary eyes!$B$BUnbelievable, I know, but such is the will of Thrall.$B$BEnough lamenting! You are here to learn, and learn you will! Bring me four steel breastplates and four steel helms and you will gain a taste of war!","Bring four Steel Breastplates and four Steel Plate Helms to Aturk the Anvil in Orgrimmar.\
","It seems you are but another complacent lemming of the Warchief, $N. How disappointing.$b$bHow I long for a glorious death upon the battlefield. Instead, I am stuck here, by order of Thrall, to teach infants how to craft! Watch and learn, child!","","","","",""
2757,"Booty Bay or Bust!","Listen, kid, you're not gonna learn anything hanging around here.$B$BI know a guy who knows a guy. He hangs around the smithy in Booty Bay. If you show him this insignia, he'll tell you all about mithril.$B$BSo whadd'ya say? Leave this kid stuff to the babies in diapers, $N -- it's time to move on.$B$BIf you're interested, his name's McGavan. Show him this trinket and he'll recognize your commitment.","Speak with McGavan in Booty Bay.","By Blackhoof's back hair -- finally, one worthy of the Mithril Order!$b$b","","","","",""
2758,"The Origins of Smithing","When I was about your age, a dwarf by the name of Galvan took me under his wing and trained me in the ways of the armorsmith. Before he left for Booty Bay, he made me promise to train all those with the desire and determination to advance in the craft of blacksmithing -- so here I am -- all these years later.$B$BSo, now it's time for you to learn a little something. Make me six golden scale bracers and you will learn where smithing comes from, $N.","Bring six Golden Scale Bracers to Hank the Hammer in Stormwind.","Very good, $N! Listen and learn.$B$BBlacksmithing never comes from here! <Hank points to his hammer.>$B$BBlacksmithing never comes from here! <Hank points to the anvil.>$B$BBlacksmithing only comes from here! <Hank points to his heart.>$B$BAnd now you know the origin of blacksmithing.","","","","",""
2759,"In Search of Galvan","Although Galvan left Booty Bay many years ago, members of the order still remain in town, hoping to one day find another worthy of Galvan's tutelage.$B$BTake this insignia and present it to McGavan in Booty Bay.$B$BIf you actually make it that far, he'll know that you are worthy. I have faith, $N!","Speak with McGavan in Booty Bay.","By Blackhoof's back hair -- finally, one worthy of the Mithril Order!","","","","",""
2760,"The Mithril Order","Most of our recruits never make it to Booty Bay, $N. The shine of the insignia is enough to trigger the loot lust in even the staunchest of blacksmiths. Fools they be, as the insignia is a drop in the bucket compared to the wealth of items you'll see!$B$BFind Galvan the Ancient and show him this pin. His residence is far to the north, between Zul Gurub and the Mosh'Ogg ogre mound.\
","Speak with Galvan the Ancient in Stranglethorn Vale.\
","Ah, many years it has been since one has been worthy of the mithril order's initiation. We will start now!","","","","",""
2761,"Smelt On, Smelt Off","Many blacksmiths believe that mining and smithing are separate, independent jobs; but can there be blacksmithing without mining? Ah ha -- it is an impossibility! The accomplished blacksmith must also be an accomplished miner.$B$BShow Galvan that you are capable, $N. Bring me forty bars of iron and forty bars of mithril. For this, Galvan will teach you the ways of the ornate mithril pants!","Bring forty Mithril Bars and forty Iron Bars to Galvan the Ancient in Stranglethorn.","Your work ethic is impeccable, $N! You are starting to understand the ways of Galvan mineralogy! Take this and learn from it all that you can.","","","","",""
2762,"The Great Silver Deceiver","It is said that truesilver is stronger and more durable than mithril. Galvan does not disagree with this assessment of the minerals, but contrary to its name, truesilver is not true! Mithril is a far nobler mineral! HAH! Regardless, for this lesson you will need to find the great silver deceiver, $N.$B$BBring me forty bars of mithril and five bars of truesilver. In exchange, you will be taught the secret of ornate mithril gloves and more importantly, learn that truesilver is a liar!","Bring forty Mithril Bars and five Truesilver Bars to Galvan the Ancient in Stranglethorn.","She's a cruel mistress, is she not, $N? I'm speaking of truesilver, naturally. Aye, Galvan spent over a decade in the mountains of Alterac learning this lesson. Take this and learn from it all that you can!","","","","",""
2763,"The Art of the Imbue","The harvesting of precious gems is of utmost importance to our craft, $N. Few gems are more precious than the citrine. The magical properties we imbue into our goods are amplified greatly by the presence of citrine.$B$BFor this lesson, we will fortify forty bars of mithril with four citrines. The result will be a better understanding of magical gemology and the knowledge to create ornate mithril shoulders.","Bring forty Mithril Bars and four Citrines to Galvan the Ancient in Stranglethorn.","One can barely keep their eyes from leaving its splendor, $N. Aye, citrine is a glorious gem.$B$BPay attention and learn what such a discovery may teach us!","","","","",""
2764,"Galvan's Finest Pupil","If you are ready to conclude your training with Galvan, you should journey to Gadgetzan.$B$BThere, you will find my finest pupil: Trenton Lighthammer. He has much to teach you in the ways of ornate mithril. Otherwise, remain here and learn!$B$BOh, Gadgetzan is in Tanaris, of course!","Speak with Trenton Lighthammer in Gadgetzan.","Galvan the Ancient sent you??$B$B<Trenton bows.>$B$BIt is a great honor to meet another of the master's pupils!","","","","",""
2765,"Expert Blacksmith!","When you first came to me, I knew that you would turn out to be one of my finest pupils! It was without hesitancy that you gave up a trinket of some power to McGavan. You did this only so that you could meet me. Such blind faith and devotion to the craft should be rewarded.$B$BYou have attained expertise over blacksmithing, $N. Reap the rewards!","Claim your reward from Galvan the Ancient!","It is only fitting that you receive a trinket of far greater power than the one you sacrificed to get here. Use it in good health, $N.","You Are The Big Winner","","","",""
2766,"Find OOX-22/FE!","You have uncovered some sort of strange, egg-shaped device made from metal.  Fiddling with one of its knobs springs the egg to life, as it opens up into some sort of gnomish robotic contraption!  A voice from inside the robotic egg crackles to life.$B$B\"My name's Oglethorpe Obnoticus, and my homing robot has crashed!  I will reward you for its recovery; please take this beacon to the robot!\"$B$B\"I now have computed the coordinates of the robot for you; it is in a cave near Feral Scar Vale!\"","Take the distress beacon to Oglethorpe's homing robot in a cave near Feral Scar Vale.","You place the egg... distress beacon... inside the chicken... homing robot.$B$BHums and whirs are heard from inside the robot as it struggles to stand up.  After the robot comes to life, Oglethorpe's voice is heard once more, but now from inside the robot:$B$B\"OOX-22/FE is working at least, but it needs major repairs!  It is much too heavy for you to carry it... but I think I have an idea.  Are you up for watching over it some more?\"","","","","",""
2767,"Rescue OOX-22/FE!","The gnome's voice crackles once again from the robot:$B$B\"I need to move OOX-22/FE to an open, safe place so it can begin a lengthy take-off procedure.  It has built-in cloaking, but I need time on my end to make it operational again.  Escort the robot from its current location to, let's say, the dock along the Forgotten Coast!  That should be a perfect place, and long enough, to get things online!\"$B$B\"Escort it safely to the dock, and then come talk to me in Booty Bay!  Oglethorpe Obnoticus - out!\"","Escort OOX-22/FE to the dock along the Forgotten Coast, then report to Oglethorpe Obnoticus in Booty Bay.","Oh, YOU'RE the great savior of OOX-22/FE!  I cannot even begin to express my thanks for your assistance!  My homing robot series needs more development, but your recovery has saved me countless hours of extra rebuilding time, as well as many gold pieces in manufacture costs!$B$BPlease, take your choice of any of these items I have.  Thank you again for your generous assistance $n, my robots and I are in your debt!","Escort OOX-22/FE to the dock along the Forgotten Coast","","","",""
2768,"Divino-matic Rod","Sergeant Bly stole from me!  He said he'd only borrow it, but he stole my cherished divino-matic rod!!  Without that rod how will I know where to dig new water holes??$B$BFind Bly and bring me my rod!  I heard he led his band of ill-reputed adventurers to go treasure hunting in Zul'Farrak to the west.  I bet you'll find him there.$B$BLet's hope the trolls took care of him, because if you have to fight him for the rod then you're in for a serious fight.","Bring the Divino-matic Rod to Chief Engineer Bilgewhizzle in Gadgetzan.","You found it! Well done, $N! Did you have to fight Bly for it? I hope you knocked him and his band down good and hard!","","","","",""
2769,"The Brassbolts Brothers","Have you met the Brassbolts brothers?  They're over in the Shimmering Flats, in Kalimdor, racing their rocket car against the goblins.  They usually win which is no surprise--the goblin car blows up so much it barely ever crosses the finish line!$B$BBut even then, the Brassbolts brothers are always looking for new ways to make their car go faster, and Wizzle told me he needs a very rare component for his next experiment.$B$BHe probably needs help getting that part.  Speak to him and find out.","Speak with Wizzle Brassbolts in the Shimmering Flats.","Ah, you want to help me?  Great!$B$BThere's a part I want for an experiment I'm working on, and I need a brave $C like you to help me get it!","","","","",""
2770,"Gahz'rilla","Deep in Zul'Farrak, the sand troll city in Tanaris, there is a sacred pool.  From that pool the trolls summon a huge beast!  Gahz'rilla!  He's so fierce that even his scales crackle with energy.  It's that energy I want to harness for my car!$B$BBring me the electrified scale of Gahz'rilla!$B$BBut the summoning of Gahz'rilla is a well-kept secret of the trolls.  To face him, you must first wrest the secret from them.","Bring Gahz'rilla's Electrified Scale to Wizzle Brassbolts in the Shimmering Flats.","Wow, you got the scale!  Thanks, $N.  I can't wait to get to work on this thing!$B$BSo you saw Gahz'rilla?  Was he as big as they say??","","","","",""
2771,"A Good Head On Your Shoulders","It seems as if master had this planned from the start. I was not taught to create the items which you learned to create and you were not taught the items which I learned to create.$B$BThe master is wise, $N. We shall teach each other!$B$BShow me how to make a mithril coif and ornate mithril shoulders and I shall show you how to create an ornate mithril helm.","Bring two Mithril Coifs and one Ornate Mithril Shoulder to Trenton Lighthammer.","Excellent! A fair tradeoff, if I do say so myself. Watch and learn, $N!","","","","",""
2772,"The World At Your Feet","At last year's All-Valley Blacksmithing Championship, all those who watched saw my leg get swept from under me by a cowardly dog from the Venture Co. Foundry. What they didn't know, however, was the reason I was able to continue and ultimately win the tournament: That's right, ornate mithril boots!$B$BI will need to learn how to craft ornate mithril pants for this year's tournament, however, as a Venture Co. shredder is an entrant! Teach me the way of the pants and learn the way of the boot!","Bring two Heavy Mithril Boots and one Ornate Mithril Pants to Trenton Lighthammer.\
","The world will be at your feet, $N! Let them all come at your legs, for you are now unsweepable!","","","","",""
2773,"The Mithril Kid","Around these parts I am known as the Mithril Kid. I supply ornate mithril to adventurers from around the world.$B$B<Trenton whispers.>$B$BLittle do they know that I do not know the technique to fashion ornate mithril gloves. Shhhh! This will be our little secret.$B$BTeach me the technique to create ornate mithril gloves, $N, and in exchange, I will show you the resultant of the culmination of my training under Galvan: the ornate mithril breastplate.","Bring two Heavy Mithril Breastplates and one Ornate Mithril Gloves to Trenton Lighthammer.","Thank you for all that you have taught me, $N. The master and commander of the ornate mithril set will soon be in your possession.$B$BBehold!","","","","",""
2781,"WANTED: Caliph Scorpidsting","WANTED: Caliph Scorpidsting!$B$BThe Gadgetzan Water Company of Gadgetzan, Tanaris will pay a high bounty for the head of Caliph Scorpidsting, leader of the Wastewander outlaws.  His crimes include:$B$B1.  Murdering Gadgetzan Water Co. employees!$B2.Stealing Gadgetzan Water Co. resources!$B3.Seizing Gadgetzan Water Co. property!$B$BBring proof of Caliph Scorpidsting's demise to Chief Engineer Bilgewhizzle for an immediate reward!","Bring the head of Caliph Scorpidsting to Chief Engineer Bilgewhizzle in Gadgetzan.","Finally - justice is served!  You have struck a mighty blow against those vile nomads!  With Scorpidsting's demise, this might be just the thing to finally push those squatters off of Gadgetzan's water wells!$B$BBy the authority of the Gadgetzan Water Company, I gladly award you with this bounty.  You've done a great service for us all.","","","","",""
2782,"Rin'ji's Secret","The tablet is covered with Witherbark troll markings. Rin'ji's secret truly is a mystery... $B$BIt's possible that you might have something quite valuable on your hands here. On the other hand, quite the opposite is also possible. A Witherbark troll in distress would probably do anything to find his way out of trouble...","Oran Snakewrithe, a well known scholar on matters concerning the Witherbark trolls, may be able to decipher the tablet. She is known to reside within the Magic Quarter of the Undercity.","This tablet... Quite unusual... Where did you find this, $N?","","","","",""
2783,"Petty Squabbles","We fight the wrong enemy, $N.$B$BThe true power in these lands continues to grow in strength and number while we squabble over scorched earth with orcs.$B$BDo we continue to fight a war in these lands against the Horde, only to be routed one day by the armies of the Burning Legion? It is futile.$B$BPut your differences aside, $N, speak with the fallen hero of the Horde. He knows the truth behind the Blasted Lands.","Speak with the Fallen Hero of the Horde at the border of the Blasted Lands and the swamp.","The Alliance wishes to assist?$B$BI thought to never see this day again. A day in which the Alliance fights side by side with the Horde against a common enemy.$B$BIt shall be... we will unite.","","","","",""
2784,"Fall From Grace","Hear my story, $r.","Listen to the Fallen Hero of the Horde tell his story.","As a spirit, I am powerless, $N. Assist me. Allow me to regain my honor.","The Tale of Sorrow","","","",""
2801,"A Tale of Sorrow","Before we may continue, you must hear my story.","Listen to the Fallen Hero of the Horde tell his story.","The time to act is now, $N.","A Tale of Sorrow","","","",""
2821,"The Mark of Quality","My philosophy on leatherworking is that the work must be the best quality possible - no compromises.  Anyone who says that quality doesn't matter is trying to sell you ocean-front property in Dun Morogh!$B$BIn my latest pursuit of high-quality materials, I have run across thick yeti hides.  The Yeti are native to Feralas, with many found in Feral Scar Vale.  I want some, and I'll give you a choice of one of my leather goods for a stack of ten.  If that sounds fair to you, then we're in business.","Bring 10 Thick Yeti Hides to Pratt McGrubben in Feathermoon Stronghold.","Did you stop and examine the texture of these hides?  Properly treated, these hides could very well be stronger than iron.  Not many people know about these hides, and that in combination with the vast treating solutions I know will allow me to potentially make items with a true mark of quality... thanks to you, of course!$B$BAnd now, please choose from what I am able to offer you for your service!","","","","",""
2822,"The Mark of Quality","I take pride in my leather work, and I feel it shows; quality should never be compromised.  Anyone who says that quality doesn't matter would also have you believe that the earth does not keep secrets!$B$BIn my latest pursuit of high-quality materials, I have discovered thick yeti hides.  Yetis are native to Feralas, often found west of here in Feral Scar Vale.  I'll give you a choice of one of my leather goods for a stack of ten.  If that is agreeable to you, then we are set!","Bring 10 Thick Yeti Hides to Jangdor Swiftstrider in Camp Mojache.","Ah, excellent!  These hides, when given a special treatment, are as resilient as iron I tell you!  It will take many tries in order to get the right mix down for the tanning, but I am confident they will bring my mark of quality to the next level.$B$BAs for you, $n... your assistance has proven invaluable to me.  Please take your choice from these items I have crafted.","","","","",""
2841,"Rig Wars","Gnome technology - two years ago its most common use was as a punch line. Times certainly have changed. Now they've got a new rig built that's better than all our shredder models combined. I need the blueprints, $N!$B$BUnfortunately, the plans are locked away in a safe near Mekgineer Thermaplugg. To make matters worse, the combination to the safe is only known by Mekgineer Thermaplugg.$B$BDo whatever you have to do to get that combination, $N. Then crack open that safe and bring back those blueprints!\
","Retrieve the Rig Blueprints and Thermaplugg's Safe Combination from Gnomeregan and bring them to Nogg in Orgrimmar.\
","I knew you could do it, $N! Sovik on the other hand, he had his doubts.$B$B<Nogg clears his throat.>$B$BNow that we have the blueprints in our possession, it is only a matter of time before we figure out all of the gnomish innovations that went into the creation of the rig and make them goblin innovations for our new shredder models.","","","","",""
2842,"Chief Engineer Scooty","As soon as we got word from Kernobee about the new gnomish rig, Scooty and I began work on the Transpolyporter 6000: The fastest and most reliable way to Gnomeregan.$B$BIt's finally ready for passengers to board, $N. If you want to give it a try, go to Booty Bay and talk with Scooty at the wind rider roost. To get to Booty Bay, take the boat from Ratchet.$B$BOf course, you could always try and make the run to Gnomeregan through the dwarf infested mountains of Dun Morogh!","Speak with Scooty in Booty Bay.","She's a beauty, isn't she? Pinnacle of goblin transport technology -- only exploded a dozen or so times.$b$bDon't worry, $N, I've got her all fixed up. She won't blow up on you - and if she does, it'll be quick and painless.","","","","",""
2843,"Gnomer-gooooone!","As long as you have the transponder in your possession, all you need to do is step on the pad and you'll be teleported to Gnomeregan.$B$BYou may experience some unusual side effects, but none of those should be permanent... anymore.$B$BI almost forgot the most important part - getting back. When you're ready to come back, just step on the transpolyporter pad in Gnomeregan!$B$BNow to calibrate the transponder to your size and weight.\
","Wait for Scooty to calibrate the Goblin Transponder.","All done! When you're ready, just step on the pad.","Goblin Transponder","","","",""
2844,"The Giant Guardian","I am no good, $N. I was 'spose to be watchin' over my little friend, Shay, and somehow, she got away from me. I'm not all that sure what happened, really, but last time I saw her, we was walkin' through the ruins just north of here.$B$BEverythin' was goin' fine, but then I turned around, and... she was gone.$B$BNow I jus can't quite figure out what I should do here. Got any ideas, $N? I'm awful worried.$B$BHey, how 'bout you go look fer Shay? Yer legs can travel much faster 'n mine.","Locate the lost night elf girl.","Oh, I am so glad you found me! I must admit, I am a bit lost... But isn't this a beautiful place?","","","","",""
2845,"Wandering Shay","Do you think you could help me find my way back to my friend, Rockbiter? He was supposed to be watching me... But I do have a tendency to wander off now and then. There are just so many things to see, and I get so distracted.$B$BThere is one thing that will always work to get my attention, though.$B$BInside this chest, you'll find a bell that is very precious to me. I just love the sound of it. You have my word, if I wander off, all you have to do is ring it and I'll come running back.","Pick up Shay's Bell from the chest.$B$BEscort Shay Leafrunner to Rockbiter's camp.","What? You say dis bell will work when Shay runs off? Well, how 'bout that!$B$BSince you did so much fer me, here ya go, $N. ","Take Shay Leafrunner to Rockbiter's camp","","","",""
2846,"Tiara of the Deep","Long ago I possessed a beautiful piece of jewelry, the Tiara of the Deep.  And not only was it pretty--it held great power for those with the knowledge to use it.$B$BSo when word of the tiara reached the Hydromancer Velratha, she had to have it.  She sent agents to my home and they stole it while I was away.  The thieves!$B$BI want my tiara back!  Go to Zul'Farrak, the troll city in Tanaris, find Velratha and wrench the tiara from her.  Return it to me and you'll earn my favor.","Bring the Tiara of the Deep to Tabetha in Dustwallow Marsh.","Wonderful!  You found it!  And what's just as important--Velratha no longer has it!  Thank you, $N.  I am forever in your debt!$B$BAnd if I sounded a little... mean before, pay it no mind.  You'll find me a much nicer person to those who haven't stolen from me.","","","","",""
2847,"Wild Leather Armor","$n, you're becoming quite skilled as a leatherworker!  I know some patterns you might be interested in... Wild Leather armor!  Wild Leather taps into the potent and chaotic properties of wildvines, found in areas of lush vegetation and on some of the creatures there.  The armor made using it is second to none for people of your skill, guaranteed.$B$BI'll teach this to you, but you'll be working for me for a while.  The first cost is simply ten pieces of thick leather.  After this, we'll talk specifics.","Bring 10 Thick Leather to Pratt McGrubben in Feathermoon Stronghold.","Well $N, I'm glad to have you on board. You've made a smart decision as a leatherworker; those who wear leather armor will be clamoring to you once you learn how to make any of the Wild Leather armor pieces.$B$BLet's get to work - where do you want to start?","","","","",""
2848,"Wild Leather Shoulders","Wild Leather shoulders support the wearer's frame extremely well, offering top notch protection of the upper arms and the shoulders themselves.  As with all Wild Leather armor, a potent but random benefit is applied to the item as the wildvine is stitched in.$B$BFor this pattern, I will require six thick armor kits and a wildvine.  That shouldn't be too tall of an order for you to fill.","Bring 6 Thick Armor Kits and a Wildvine to Pratt McGrubben in Feathermoon Stronghold.","These armor kits are of solid quality, $N. If there is one thing I demand in not only my work, but the work of those in my employ, it is quality.$B$BYou've done well to earn this pattern; I hope it brings you the rewards it has brought me.","","","","",""
2849,"Wild Leather Vest","Wild Leather vests are the staple of any Wild Leather armor set.  The frame of the vest blends with the wildvine to produce a product that offers maximum protection of the torso while allowing for the potent magic to work its way through the garment.$B$BFor this pattern, I will require two Turtle Scale breastplates, two sets of Turtle Scale gloves, and a wildvine.  It's a tall order, but one you should have little difficulty in filling for me.","Bring 2 Turtle Scale Breastplates, 2 Turtle Scale Gloves, and a Wildvine to Pratt McGrubben in Feathermoon Stronghold.","These are some very nice pieces here, $N. The craftsmanship and care put in to making these alone would fetch several silver more than the average piece made.$B$BYou've filled my order, and with that comes your reward. The knowledge of making Wild Leather vests is now yours!","","","","",""
2850,"Wild Leather Helmet","A Wild Leather helmet offers the wearer superior protection to the vital areas of the head without a sacrifice in comfort.  As with all Wild Leather armor, the integrated wildvine yields a powerful but random enhancement to the frame of the helm.  Leather wearers will definitely want this piece!$B$BFor this pattern, I will need two Nightscape tunics, two Nightscape headbands, and a wildvine.  Complete this order and the pattern will be yours!","Bring 2 Nightscape Tunics, 2 Nightscape Headbands, and a Wildvine to Pratt McGrubben in Feathermoon Stronghold.","This Nightscape equipment you have supplied fills the order perfectly, $N. I expect no less from a leatherworker of your caliber.$B$BYou have definitely earned this pattern. I give it to you freely, and hope you will profit from it accordingly.","","","","",""
2851,"Wild Leather Boots","You've learned quite a bit now, $n; still, there is more for you to learn.  Next are Wild Leather boots, the cornerstone of any set.$B$BThese boots are crafted to cradle the foot in comfort while bracing it against the hazards of adventuring.  The soft soles are a blessing to those seeking quiet movement in footwear.$B$BFor this pattern, I need an order of two Nightscape pants and two Nightscape boots filled.  I also will require two wildvines... not just one.  When you have all this, let me know.","Bring 2 Nightscape Pants, 2 Nightscape Boots, and 2 Wildvines to Pratt McGrubben in Feathermoon Stronghold.","Once again, you've filled a complex order with the skill of a seasoned professional. You have earned this pattern, as well as my thanks.","","","","",""
2852,"Wild Leather Leggings","With the basics down, you are ready to master more complex fare, $n.  Wild Leather leggings are some of the sturdiest and powerful leather gear around.  The waist, thighs, calves, and the vitals - all are given tremendous protection.  Coupled with the enhancement that the wildvine provides, adventurers who own it will thank you each time they see you.$B$BFor this pattern, I need an order of two Turtle Scale helms, two Turtle Scale bracers, and two wildvines filled.","Bring 2 Turtle Scale Helms, 2 Turtle Scale Bracers, and 2 Wildvines to Pratt McGrubben in Feathermoon Stronghold.","Again, you've filled an order without flaw. Perhaps some day I will come to YOU seeking knowledge, eh $N?$B$BHere is the pattern for the leggings, along with my thanks. Commit this lore to your knowledge, and let your finished products tap into your impressive skills!","","","","",""
2853,"Master of the Wild Leather","Well $n, you are the definition of diligence.  There is one pattern left for Wild Leather armor; you've mastered the others.  I won't require you to toil needlessly for the pattern.  You've earned it outright, and then some... but I cannot give it to you myself.  My teacher, the one who brought me into the craft, is the one who must reward you.$B$BTake this letter to Telonis; he teaches leatherworking in Darnassus.  Show him the letter, and let him acknowledge you as an equal, as I do.","Give Pratt's Letter to Telonis, the master leatherworker of Darnassus.","Ah yes, Pratt sent you. Though he is a human, he reminds me of us night elves sometimes. His dedication and his talents with leather are impressive. For him to compliment you so in this letter, it is a sign of respect I acknowledge.$B$BI am aware that he has taught you the art of Wild Leather. Allow me to finish your training with this pattern. Make good use of it; few in the world know the secrets of Wild Leather cloaks.","","","","",""
2854,"Wild Leather Armor","$n, your skill as a leatherworker precedes you.  I possess leatherworking lore you would be wise to acquire... Wild Leather armor!  Wild Leather taps into the potent and chaotic properties of wildvines, found in areas of lush vegetation and on some of the creatures there.  Armor made using it is second to none for a crafter of your skill, guaranteed.$B$BI'll teach you, but you'll be working for me for a while.  The first cost is simply ten pieces of thick leather.  After this, we'll talk specifics.","Bring 10 Thick Leather to Jangdor Swiftstrider in Camp Mojache.","Well $N, I'm glad to have you on board as my apprentice. You've made a wise decision as a leatherworker; those who make use of leather armor will be clamoring to you once you learn how to master the art of Wild Leather.$b$bLet's get to work - where do you want to start?","","","","",""
2855,"Wild Leather Shoulders","Wild Leather shoulders support a wearer's frame extremely well, offering superior protection of the upper arms as well as the shoulders.  As with all Wild Leather armor, a random yet very potent enhancement is imbued within the item as the wildvine is stitched in.$B$BFor this pattern, I will require six thick armor kits and a wildvine.  That shouldn't be too tall of an order for you to fill.","Bring 6 Thick Armor Kits and a Wildvine to Jangdor Swiftstrider in Camp Mojache.","These armor kits are of solid quality, $N. If there is one thing I demand in not only my work, but in the work of those I give tutelage to, it is quality.$b$bYou've done well to earn this pattern; I hope it brings you the rewards it has brought me.","","","","",""
2856,"Wild Leather Vest","Wild Leather vests are the staple of any Wild Leather armor set.  The frame of the vest and the wildvine weave within it produces a product that offers maximum protection of the torso while allowing for potent magic to work its way through the garment.$B$BFor this pattern, I will require two Turtle Scale breastplates, two sets of Turtle Scale gloves, and a wildvine.  This is not an easy lesson, but it is one you certainly have the skill to complete.","Bring 2 Turtle Scale Breastplates, 2 Turtle Scale Gloves, and a Wildvine to Jangdor Swiftstrider in Camp Mojache.","These are some very nice pieces here, $N. The craftsmanship and care put in to making these show you have chosen to dedicate yourself fully to these tasks.$b$bYou've met my requests, and with that comes your reward. The knowledge of making Wild Leather vests is now yours!","","","","",""
2857,"Wild Leather Helmet","A Wild Leather helmet offers the wearer superior protection to the vital areas of the head without a sacrifice in comfort.  As with all Wild Leather armor, the integrated wildvine yields a powerful but random magic imbuement to the helm's frame.  Leather wearers will definitely want this piece!$B$BFor this pattern, I will need two Nightscape tunics, 2 Nightscape headbands, and a wildvine.  Complete this lesson and the pattern will be yours!","Bring 2 Nightscape Tunics, 2 Nightscape Headbands, and a Wildvine to Jangdor Swiftstrider in Camp Mojache.","This Nightscape equipment you have supplied perfectly meets the requirements I have given to you, $N. I expect no less from a leatherworker of your caliber.$b$bYou have earned the honor of crafting Wild Leather helmets. I give this pattern to you freely, and hope you will profit from it accordingly.","","","","",""
2858,"Wild Leather Boots","Your knowledge of Wild Leather armor grows, $n; still, there is more for you to learn.$B$BWild Leather boots are the cornerstone of any set.  Such boots are crafted to cradle the foot in comfort while bracing it against the hazards of adventuring.  The soft soles are a blessing to those seeking quiet movement in footwear.$B$BFor this pattern, I need two Nightscape pants and two Nightscape boots crafted.  I also will require two wildvines... not just one.  When you have these items, we will proceed.","Bring 2 Nightscape Pants, 2 Nightscape Boots, and 2 Wildvines to Jangdor Swiftstrider in Camp Mojache.","Once again, you have produced items with the skill of a seasoned professional. You have earned this pattern, as well as my congratulations.","","","","",""
2859,"Wild Leather Leggings","You are ready to master more complex lessons, $n.  Wild Leather leggings are some of the sturdiest and powerful leather gear around.  The waist, thighs, calves, and the vitals - all are given tremendous protection.  Coupled with the enhancement that the wildvine provides, adventurers who own it will thank you each time they see you.$B$BFor you to gain this pattern, I need two Turtle Scale helms, two Turtle Scale bracers, and two wildvines.","Bring 2 Turtle Scale Helms, 2 Turtle Scale Bracers, and 2 Wildvines to Jangdor Swiftstrider in Camp Mojache.","Again, you've completed my task without flaw. Perhaps some day I will come to YOU seeking knowledge, eh $N?$b$bHere is the pattern for the leggings, along with my thanks. Commit this lore to your knowledge, and let your finished products tap into your impressive skills!","","","","",""
2860,"Master of the Wild Leather","$n, you have learned all I am able to teach you.  There is, however, one remaining pattern for Wild Leather armor.  I will not require you to toil needlessly for this; you've earned it outright, and then some.  This pattern, however, is one that I cannot freely share with you.$B$BMy teacher, the one who brought me into the craft, is the one who must reward you.  Take this note to Una; she teaches leatherworking in Thunder Bluff.  Show her the letter, and let her acknowledge you as an equal, as I do.","Give Jangdor's Letter to Una, the master leatherworker of Thunder Bluff.","Ah yes, Jangdor sent you. I am pleased to see that one of my finest students now has a student of his own.$b$bHis dedication and his talents with leather are impressive. For him to compliment you so in this letter, it is a sign of respect I acknowledge.$b$bI am aware that he has taught you the art of Wild Leather. Allow me to finish your training with this pattern. Make good use of it; few in the world know the secrets of Wild Leather cloaks.","","","","",""
2861,"Tabetha's Task","Rumor is that Tabetha, a mage colleague who lives deep in Dustwallow Marsh, has a bone to pick with a certain sand troll in Zul'Farrak.  If you speak with Tabetha she can tell you more.$B$BAnd bring some friends with you, $N.  If Tabetha has you go to Zul'Farrak then you're not going to want to go alone.$B$BYou will find Tabetha's cottage west of Theramore, and just north of the Stonemaul Ruin.","Speak with Tabetha in Dustwallow Marsh.","That's right.  I do have a bone to pick with a troll.  A few bones.  All her bones!$B$BWant to help me?","","","","",""
2862,"War on the Woodpaw","The gnolls... they are more than a nuisance.  They are a constant threat to the existence of this very camp!  It is irrelevant whether they are indigenous to Feralas or not; if we do not strengthen our resolve against them, we will find ourselves driven out of the entire region.$B$BThe gnoll attacks against the camp have become more fevered as of late.  We need your aid in thinning their numbers; bring to me ten of their manes, and I will reward you handsomely for your effort.$B$BGo!","Bring 10 Woodpaw Gnoll Manes to Hadoken Swiftstrider in Camp Mojache.","This is proof of a good start, $n.  Your skills as a soldier are to be commended.$B$BYou are not the only one I ask that task of.  Many before you have fought them, and in times past our efforts have kept them at bay.  Recently though, their attempts to push northward into our area of influence have increased dramatically.  Their attacks have also become more savage... almost as if they were desperate.$B$BI have a plan though, $n, that might settle things once and for all against them...","","","","",""
2863,"Alpha Strike","The plan is for various leaders of the gnolls - Alphas as they call themselves - to be taken down within rapid succession.  If we're able to execute this sort of swift and precise devastation against them, it would cause chaos in their ranks.  Perhaps it would also drive a message through their thick flea-bitten heads that we can and will destroy them!$B$BI want you to be the messenger of my will; eliminate five of their Alphas within one hour for this to work $N, or we'll remain at this impasse!","Kill 5 Woodpaw Alphas and return to Hadoken Swiftstrider within one hour.","You've done as I have asked, and for that I salute you.  Take this small reward as compensation for your efforts, $n.$B$BWith their numbers thinned and their leaders slain, the gnolls will think twice about storming the camp.  This doesn't conclude the issue at hand, however...$B$BThere must be some reason why the gnolls have been whipped into such a frenzied state.  Before they have a chance to regroup though, I want to find out what is causing it.","","","","",""
2864,"Tran'rek","My cousin Tran'rek is in a tight spot.  He promised me a load of scarab shells weeks ago and he hasn't delivered.  He's my cousin, so I'd hate to have to send someone to Gadgetzan to break something on him.$B$BCan you speak to Tran'rek for me?  Let him know he needs to get that delivery together before I do something rash?$B$BGadgetzan is in northern Tanaris, in Kalimdor.","Speak with Tran'rek in Gadgetzan.","Hello!$B$BOh, you spoke to my cousin Krazek?  How is he?  I hope Booty Bay is treating him well...$B$BScarab shells, you say?  Well... let me tell you a story...","","","","",""
2865,"Scarab Shells","The scarabs of Tanaris have very hard shells!  Hard enough to use as a building material for lots of things.  So many things!$B$BIn fact, those shells are so useful... the scarabs were hunted all to near extinction!$B$BI know where there are more scarabs, and if you promise to bring me their shells then I'll tell you where they are.  Promise?$B$BOk, the scarabs have a colony in Zul'Farrak.  I guess the trolls don't hunt them for their shells.$B$BBut you can!  Go to Zul'Farrak and get me uncracked shells!","Bring 5 Uncracked Scarab Shells to Tran'rek in Gadgetzan.","Oh, great!  You got them!$B$BThanks, $N.  You're a real lifesaver!","","","","",""
2866,"The Ruins of Solarsal ","To our south are the Ruins of Solarsal; this is an area that far pre-dates modern times.  We explored the ruins initially and found nothing of note; as such, we left it in peace.$B$BVery recently, the Hatecrest naga have occupied these ruins in alarming numbers.  At first, we considered it as the precursor for an attack.  Though that threat is still possible, we believe there might be something else going on.$B$BGo there, explore the ruins, and look for anything that stands out to you. Good luck, $n.","Explore the Ruins of Solarsal and investigate the presence of the naga there.","Examining the gazebo reveals some interesting and unusual things in contrast to the surrounding ruins.$B$BFirst, the gazebo is clearly a more recent construction than the other objects in the ruins.  Second, the gazebo has a small series of glyphs engraved into the sides of it; the glyphs repeat in their pattern, but it otherwise is unknown in origin and meaning.  Third, the stone of the gazebo itself is warm to the touch.$B$BThis certainly quantifies as \"standing out\" in the search of the ruins!","","","","",""
2867,"Return to Feathermoon Stronghold","With the discovery of the strange gazebo in the heart of the Ruins of Solarsal, the time has come to return to Feathermoon Stronghold and report to General Shandris Feathermoon what has been discovered here.","Return to Shandris Feathermoon in the Feathermoon Stronghold and report your findings.","Welcome back, $N.  Your report on this gazebo is most... disturbing.  It would seem that even if the naga there were not planning on an attack, their continued presence bodes ill for our push into Feralas.  At any rate, here is compensation for your investigation.$B$BIt would seem that Feathermoon Stronghold is in dire need of additional assistance concerning the Hatecrest naga.  I'd like to offer you the task, if you are so inclined.  There is much to do.","","","","",""
2869,"Against the Hatecrest","The best course of action at this point is to assume that, regardless of what the naga are up to, they will eventually move to secure the island for their own.  We need to take aggressive steps to counter that threat before it is too late.$B$BBring me ten Hatecrest Scales that are in good condition; it should be obvious to you how to acquire them.  You'll cut your teeth on the naga for the first time, and we'll have a weakened naga presence on Sardor Isle - both are prospects that play to our advantage.","Bring 10 Hatecrest Naga Scales to Latronicus Moonspear in Feathermoon Stronghold.","Yes, yes, these scales are more than satisfactory.  Actually, I think I will send these down to Pratt for him to take a look at.  Maybe he can craft something useful out of them.$B$BAs for you, I have another mission I want to send you on.  But first, here is your bounty for the scales.  Your continued service to the General and Feathermoon Stronghold at large is a blessing in the face of adversity.","","","","",""
2870,"Against Lord Shalzaru","$n, new scouting reports have given us a good idea on the naga chain of command.  Royalty is present amongst their rank and file, and they're the ones calling all the shots.$B$BSpecifically, we've identified one of the crueler royals as Lord Shalzaru.  Scouts report that he himself has uncovered an odd relic during a recent naga excavation in a cave south of the main ruins, across the water on the Isle of Dread.$B$BPut a stop to it by putting a stop to him, and bring me his relic so we can study it.","Eliminate Lord Shalzaru, and then bring the Mysterious Relic he uncovered to Latronicus Moonspear in Feathermoon Stronghold.","Well played, $N! Lord Shalzaru's demise will throw the naga into disarray for some time, if not permanently.  The threat they pose is now under more of our control than it has ever been, and we have you to thank for it.$B$BHere is more bounty money from the stronghold treasury - you've earned every copper.  You and yours are welcome in Feathermoon Stronghold anytime, my friend.$B$BOne more thing before you depart, $N... if you could...","","","","",""
2871,"Delivering the Relic","If you would be so kind as to deliver the relic to my wife Vestia, I would appreciate it.  She's not only a fine priestess for our community, but she is one of the most well-versed scholars you'll find anywhere.  I couldn't make heads or tails of this device even if there was a wager involved.  My wife though, if anyone can figure out what this thing is, she could... and we need to know!$B$BShe's just around the bend, no doubt studying.  Thanks, $n.","Deliver the Mysterious Relic to Vestia Moonspear in Feathermoon Stronghold.","Interesting... this came from the Ruins of Solarsal, you say?  Well, Latro's right that I need to look at this.  At first glance, it seems non-indigenous to the ruins.  Then again, this isn't of naga design... not something as alien as this.$B$BIt is going to take some time to research this item.  Once my research on it is done, maybe I will make use of your talents, should you be around.$B$BHere, take one of these extra items we have; I hope you'll find some use for it!","","","","",""
2872,"Stoley's Debt","My old buddy Stoley owes me a very special bottle of rum.  He tends the bar at Steamwheedle Port in Tanaris, Kalimdor,  and he promised me that the rum there is stronger than anything we can find in Booty Bay.  He's so confident that he says if I try that rum and don't agree with him, then he'll double the money he owes me!$B$BWell, I think he's not as confident as he was when last we spoke, and now he's afraid to give me that rum.  But I don't back down from wagers, so why don't you talk to him for me...","Speak with Stoley in Steamwheedle Port.","Ah, so you've been speaking with MacKinley, have you?$B$BIt's not what he thinks!  I'm not afraid to give him some Steamwheedle Bilge Rum...$B$BI just don't have any rum to give him!","","","","",""
2873,"Stoley's Shipment","I owe \"Sea Wolf\" MacKinley in Booty Bay some rum, to settle a bet, but I'm all out of rum!  Captain Cuergo stole my last shipment, and he has it stowed in that walled pirate town to the south.$B$BIf you can find my shipment of rum and return it to me, then I can prove to MacKinley that Kalimdor's booze beats the dirt out of Booty Bay!","Bring Stoley's Shipment to Stoley in Steamwheedle Port.","Great, thanks for the shipment!  Now MacKinley and I can finally settle our wager.","","","","",""
2874,"Deliver to MacKinley","Thanks again for your help, $N.  Here's a bottle of Steamwheedle bilge rum.  Take it to MacKinley and he can finally put to rest his crazy beliefs about Booty Bay booze.","Bring Stoley's Bottle to \"Sea Wolf\" MacKinley in Booty Bay.","Hm, let's try this...$B$BI can't believe it!  This stuff is... terrible!  That's great!$B$BWell I guess Stoley can keep the money he owes me.  He's true to his word about Steamwheedle bilge rum.  That stuff is as thick as gravel and burns like lava!","","","","",""
2875,"WANTED: Andre Firebeard","The vile pirate Andre Firebeard is wanted for crimes against Steamwheedle and Gadgetzan.$B$BBy decree of governing counsel, any who read this are hereby authorized to use lethal force during the apprehension of Andre and his abettors.$B$BBy further decree, should Andre be deceased, or otherwise indisposed, during the time of his hearing, his head may act as proxy, and deliverance of such head to Security Chief Bilgewhizzle constitutes a binding, and tenderable, contract.","Bring Andre's Head to Security Chief Bilgewhizzle in Steamwheedle Port.","Ah, Andre's head.  So I guess he'll make his trial after all!$B$BMuch appreciated, $N.  Now if you'll just sign here, I can issue you payment for services rendered.$B$BDon't worry about the small print.  It's harmless, and... I don't think there's a magnifying glass small enough to read it anyway.","","","","",""
2876,"Ship Schedules","This scroll contains the schedules of shipments between Steamwheedle Port and Booty Bay. Both past and future shipments are included, along with ship names, with large 'X's next to some ships' journeys, and annotations like \"GREAT LOOT\" and \"HARD FIGHT\" next to others.$B$BSomeone at Steamwheedle Port would want to see this document.","Report the Ship Schedules to an authority in Steamwheedle Port.","Oh my, this looks to be a list of ship departures and arrivals, with accurate dates and times and everything!  If the captain of a pirate ship got his hands on this, he could have himself a field day!$B$BYou say you got this from a pirate?  Well that's disturbing news...$B$BThank you, $N.  I'm glad you took it from him, and I'm glad that pirate's eating dirt right now!","","","","",""
2877,"Skulk Rock Clean-up","We Wildhammers remember the past, more than our brothers in Ironforge.  If you want to make friends here, then you get your hands dirty for us!$B$BThe Horde abandoned their positions in the Hinterlands around Skulk Rock; it's now overrun with nasty sludges and oozes.  We've got plans on that area, but first we need a clean-up crew to make a hole for us.$B$BThat's where you come in, Sunshine!  Head down there and take out ten green sludges and ten jade oozes, then report back to me here.  Move out!","Kill 10 Green Sludges and 10 Jade Oozes, and then report back to Fraggar Thundermantle in Aerie Peak.","Well look at you, helping out the Wildhammers!  You're a $c of action, and action is what we respect around here.$B$BYour little clean-up mission is a lot more important than you might think it is.  With folks thinning out the oozes and sludges, we'll be able to extend our sphere of influence in no time. Here - have a little something in addition to just making new friends here in Aerie Peak!","","","","",""
2878,"Corrupted Songflower","","","You apply some Cenarion plant salve to the songflower. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
2879,"The Stave of Equinex","This stave might be the Stave of Equinex! The Stave of Equinex is actually a key, used to unlock the Equinex Monolith in the Ruins of Ravenwind, on the mainland west of the Dream Bough.$B$BFind the four flames that still burn in those ruins: Samha, Imbel, Byltan, and Lahassa. Retrieve their essence and then while standing by the Equinex Monolith, use the essences to energize the stave. If this is truly is the Stave of Equinex, you will be able to unlock the Monolith and gather a sacred artifact from it.","Energize Troyas' Stave and find the Equinex Monolith.","Holding the energized stave is almost impossible. Its power rumbles through your body.$B$BYou reach out to the cold surface of the Equinex Monolith...$B$BA small door opens, allowing you to reach in and take the artifact inside.$B$BBeams of light fill the area around the Equinex Monolith.","","","","",""
2880,"Troll Necklace Bounty","Get this straight, $r - we are NOT part of the Alliance!  The Wildhammers are independent, relying on deeds and actions to prove one's worth, rather than the blather of those who use jibber-jabber to bolster their do-nothing attitudes!$B$BIf you're looking for friends here, then prove your worth to us first!  The foul trolls that choke the hillsides of the Hinterlands sometimes carry tribal necklaces.  Bring five of them to me, and we'll mark it down as a step in the right direction for you.","Bring 5 Troll Tribal Necklaces to Fraggar Thundermantle in Aerie Peak.","Now that's what I am talking about!  See - these necklaces prove that you're willing to get your hands dirty.  We Wildhammers value that in those we associate with.$B$BYou keep this up, and you'll be in our good graces yet.","","","","",""
2881,"Troll Necklace Bounty","","","Now that's what I am talking about! See - these necklaces prove that you're willing to get your hands dirty. We Wildhammers value that in those we associate with.$B$BYou keep this up, and you'll be in our good graces yet.","","","","",""
2882,"Cuergo's Gold","This map shows a stretch of beach with a southern face.  Below the map are words, elegantly written...$B$B$BSouth of Wheedle$BSouth of home$BFind a mast and flag and bones$BDig you there, if you be bold$BDig and claim Cuergo's gold!$BA key you'll need and a key you'll see$BThe men you face take blood as fee.","Find Cuergo's gold!","Captain Cuergo's hidden treasure awaits!","","","","",""
2902,"Woodpaw Investigation","Gnolls aren't the sharpest tools in the shed, but they will no doubt have some sort of documented strategy on their recent activity.  If we were to find those plans, then we'd have a clearer idea of what is making them so worked up.$B$BI want you to head back to the Woodpaw and find anything that might resemble their battle plans.  They have to have something; their attacks have been too coordinated to be done without them.  Find them, and return to me when you have them.","Find the gnoll battle plans somewhere in the gnoll camps to the south of Camp Mojache.","Examining the map reveals it to be the battle plans that Hadoken Swiftstrider wants.  Numerous arrows that perhaps represent troop movements are drawn on the map, though most seem to be headed toward the south rather than to the north where Camp Mojache lies.$B$BAnother section of the map has a picture of what you think is a large insect of some kind, with various tick marks under it.  From the looks of the gnolls, it perhaps represents their losses against the unknown bugs...","","","","",""
2903,"The Battle Plans","With the battle plans of the gnolls discovered, all that now remains is to bring the plans back to Hadoken Swiftstrider in Camp Mojache.  Perhaps he or someone there can make further sense of what the gnolls are up to.","Bring the Woodpaw Battle Plans to Hadoken Swiftstrider in Camp Mojache.","Ah, this is exactly what we needed.  While I am not so skilled at ciphering what most of the scrawling on this map is, I've seen enough battle plans in my day to understand what is happening with the gnolls.  It looks like they are currently fighting a two front war.  One is with us... but it seems that their main energy has been against a foe to their south.$B$BThere's more at hand here than meets the eye.  Perhaps it is time to figure out who this other foe they face really is.","","","","",""
2904,"A Fine Mess","<Kernobee groans.> Wha.. What happened?$B$BThe last thing I remember is being captured by a group of dark iron dwarves, beaten to within an inch of my life and then thrown in here with these filthy troggs.$B$BGet me out of here, $N!$B$BHere's the plan: Lead me to the exit; if we make it out alive, you go to Booty Bay and let Scooty know that I went to Ratchet to warn Tinkerwiz of the dark iron's involvement in the making of that super rig.$B$BLet's get going!","Escort Kernobee to the Clockwerk Run exit and then report to Scooty in Booty Bay.","I suppose you should be rewarded for bringing Kernobee back to us in one piece, $N. If you go back to Gnomeregan, these might give you the edge you'll need in defeating that good-for-nothing backstabber, Mekgineer Thermaplugg.","Kernobee Rescue","","","",""
2922,"Save Techbot's Brain!","When our beloved city Gnomeregan fell, a rogue spark must have jolted my poor creation, Techbot.  It once aided me and my associates with its countless gizmos and limitless store of information, but its positronic brain has polarized.  Now it's negatronic... and Techbot's behaviors are reversed.  It roams Gnomeregan in a frenzy!$B$BBut perhaps it can be salvaged.  Perhaps, if you can retrieve Techbot's memory core and bring it to me, I can discover the cause of the polarization and fix my poor Techbot.$B$B","Bring Techbot's Memory Core to Tinkmaster Overspark in Ironforge.","Oh, this is wonderful!  Thank you, $N!  I'll get to work immediately!!$B$BPoor, poor Techbot... Don't feel bad.  We'll get you fixed.$B$BNow, where did I put that plug for my hydro-jack swivel spanner...","","","","",""
2923,"Tinkmaster Overspark","Tinkmaster Overspark is very upset with the fate of his mechanical creation, Techbot.  I remember Techbot as a kind and helpful tool for the gnomes, but Overspark tells me it's malfunctioned.$B$BVery sad.  But with luck perhaps he can be fixed!$B$BSpeak with Tinkmaster Overspark, in Tinker Town in Ironforge.  He would welcome your help.","Speak with Tinkmaster Overspark in Ironforge.","Yes it's true. Techbot has gone $C! Please, can you help me?","","","","",""
2924,"Essential Artificials","A nigh-universal mechanical component--the essential artificial--was of great use to the tinkers and smiths of Gnomeregan.  But during the frantic exodus from our city, no one remembered to take any of these devices with them!  And I need a large supply of them for work I will soon undertake.$B$BPlease, go into Gnomeregan and get me some essential artificials.  You'll find them in the deeper areas of our city, held in containers called artificial extrapolators.$B$BThank you, $N, and please hurry!","Bring 12 Essential Artificials to Klockmort Spannerspan in Ironforge.","You got them!  Now I can begin my new experiments!$B$BI can't thank you enough, $N!  Your bravery has advanced gnomish research by a leap and a bound!","","","","",""
2925,"Klockmort's Essentials","A gnome friend, Klockmort Spannerspan, sent word to me from Ironforge.  He tells me he needs help on a dangerous, but essential, mission into Gnomeregan, the once great gnome city now contaminated and filled with mad gnomes and their devices.$B$BI must stay here, but my heart aches to help my friend.  If you can go in my stead, then I would be much indebted to you.$B$BYou may find Klockmort in Tinkertown, in Ironforge.","Speak with Klockmort Spannerspan in Ironforge.","I do!  I do need help with a mission into Gnomeregan.  And you're just the $C to do it!","","","","",""
2926,"Gnogaine","Since the accident, all Gnoarn thinks about or talks about is cleansing Gnomeregan of the trogg infestation and finding a cure for the sickness that plagues it, $N.$B$BLuckily, Razzle and I are close to some kind of cure - either that or the recipe for a really powerful rum. We won't know until we test! Naturally, in order to test our theory, we're going to need a few things; namely, fallout from the irradiated troggs in Gnomeregan. Fill up this phial with the green glow and bring it back!","Use the Empty Leaden Collection Phial on Irradiated Invaders or Irradiated Pillagers to collect radioactive fallout. Once it is full, take it back to Ozzie Togglevolt in Kharanos.","Excellent work! The time has come to test the new formula. If this works, not only should that captured leper gnome be cured, but I should have a full head of hair! Stand back!","","","","",""
2927,"The Day After","You don't think I was always bald, do you? No $g sir:ma'am;! It was the radiation leak in Gnomeregan that caused this tragic hair loss. Before that day, I had the only gnomefro in all of Azeroth.$B$B<Gnoarn shakes his fist in the air.>$B$BDamn those damned dirty troggs - damn them all!!$B$BPerhaps it's not too late, $N. We may still be able to save it - the city I mean! Speak to Ozzie Togglevolt in Kharanos. He and his partner Razzle are working on a solution.","Speak with Ozzie Togglevolt in Kharanos.","I thought the loss of that outstanding head of hair would have been the end of him for sure, but he survived!$B$BI was standing right next to him when he was hit by the radiation bolt. Those delightful brown locks of hair hit the floor in clumps! Clusters! The horror of it all was only compounded when Gnoarn completely freaked out! Oh yes, freaked out I say! Gnoarn touched his bald head in disbelief, the look in his eyes screamed revenge, $N! Then he turned his anger towards the troggs!$B$B<Ozzie cringes.>","","","","",""
2928,"Gyrodrillmatic Excavationators","It's terrible, $N. We are not going to have enough parts to get our fleet of gyrodrillmatic excavationators to Dun Morogh.$B$BWhat we need are spare parts, $N. What better place to get the spare parts for our vehicles than Gnomeregan? I hear that bots and mechs roam around that place like cattle on an open range.$B$BWhat I need you to do is go to Gnomeregan and tear apart those robots. Bring me back their robot guts. Two dozen should be sufficient.\
","Bring twenty-four Robo-mechanical Guts to Shoni in Stormwind.","This will do nicely, $N. One gyrodrillmatic excavationator fixed; 398 left to go.","","","","",""
2929,"The Grand Betrayal","I trusted Thermaplugg, $r. Never did I expect that he would betray me and the entire gnomish people. And for what? Power? Wealth? All things that he would have had in time. Now we have been displaced from our home and that madman is in charge. The king of nothing....$B$BWe will retake Gnomeregan, $N. We will not stop until the city is back in our control. If you wish to join in our fight, a simple task I ask of you: Kill the betrayer. Destroy Mekgineer Thermaplugg.","Venture to Gnomeregan and kill Mekgineer Thermaplugg. Return to High Tinker Mekkatorque when the task is complete.","I like to think that the last thing that went through his head as he collapsed to the ground was your foot, $R. With Thermaplugg dead, our plans to retake Gnomeregan are one step closer to becoming a reality.","","","","",""
2930,"Data Rescue","When we fled Gnomeregan, we left so much data behind!  Vitally important data!$B$BI need the data on a prismatic punch card, from a Matrix Punchograph 3005-D high security terminal, deep in Gnomeregan.  You must access the terminal, but to do that you first need clearance... and to get that you must access lower security terminals-- models -A, -B and -C.  And to do THAT you need security punch cards, starting with white... and we left all the punch cards in the city.$B$BIt's a catastrophe!  Can you help?","Bring a Prismatic Punch Card to Master Mechanic Castpipe in Ironforge.","You did it!  You found the prismatic punch card and recovered the lost data!  Vitally, critically, immeasurably important data that we could not live another moment without!$B$BYour service to the gnomes will be long remembered, $N.","","","","",""
2931,"Castpipe's Task","Master Mechanic Castpipe in Ironforge has need of adventurers!  He's organizing bands to reenter Gnomeregan on a data retrieval mission of top security and importance.$B$BCastpipe might not be a member of the Enlightened Assembly of Arcanology, Alchemy and Engineering Sciences like I am, but he's still a smart gnome so if he thinks it's important, then by my calculations there's an eighty-four percent probability that it really is important!$B$BThose are good odds!","Speak with Master Mechanic Castpipe in Ironforge.","I'm organizing data extraction missions into Gnomeregan.  If you're here for that, then listen up!","","","","",""
2932,"Grim Message","The Witherbark trolls were once allies to the Horde, but they betrayed Thrall... and that must be punished!$B$BHere, take my pike and go to the Hinterlands, far to the north.  You will find it northeast of Tarren Mill, a village held by our allies, the Forsaken.$B$BWhen you enter the Hinterlands, hunt Witherbark trolls.  Gather their skulls and drive my pike into the ground at one of their smaller villages, Hiri'watha or Zun'watha.$B$BShow them their vile actions are of consequence!","Gather Witherbark Skulls and place on Nimboya's Pike.  Place Nimboya's Laden Pike at one of the Witherbark Villages in the Hinterlands, then return to Nimboya in Stranglethorn.","Word reached me of your deed.  A grim deed, but one of honor.  Let us hope the Witherbarks heed your message.","Place the grim message.","","","",""
2933,"Venom Bottles","These bottles hold a vile, green venom.$B$BConsidering the number of bottles in this village, the Witherbarks must deem it very important.  Perhaps an apothecary in nearby Tarren Mill would like a sample.","Bring a Venom Bottle to an apothecary in Tarren Mill.","Ah, and what is this?  It appears to be venom... from some arachnoid creature I deem.  And where did you get it?","","","","",""
2934,"Undamaged Venom Sac","I must have a fresh sample of the venom you brought me.  The spiders from which it was gathered must dwell in the Hinterlands -- hunt them until you find an undamaged venom sac and bring it to me.  You will find many spiders near the troll city of Shadra'Alor.$B$BDo not tarry, $N, for the venom sac must be fresh when you deliver it.","Bring an Undamaged Venom Sac to Apothecary Lydon in Tarren Mill.","Oh, splendid!  The venom is quite fresh and I'm sure very deadly.  Thank you!","","","","",""
2935,"Consult Master Gadrin","The venom from the broodguards wasn't as potent as the venom you brought originally.  It must have come from a different spider.$B$BI want a fresh sample of that venom.  To find out where it came from, you must consult with a troll who knows the Witherbark well--Master Gadrin in Sen'jin Village.  Travel to Durotar and speak with Gadrin.  With luck, he'll know where the Witherbarks get their venom.","Speak with Master Gadrin in Sen'jin Village.","Ah, so you want fresh venom from the spider of the witherbarks, yes?  Well, sit down... you're not going to like what I have to tell you.","","","","",""
2936,"The Spider God","The Witherbarks worship a spider god, and from her they collect their most potent venom.  So if you want the venom, then you must summon their god!$B$BTo do that, you must know her true name, and that name is on a tablet buried in Tanaris, in the troll city of Zul'Farrak, in a tomb guarded by Theka the Martyr.$B$BDefeat Theka and find and read his tablet to discover the spider god's name.  When you know it, return to me.","Read from the Tablet of Theka to learn the name of the Witherbark spider god, then return to Master Gadrin.","Ah, Elortha no Shadra... speak this name only in whispers, for its utterance carries much weight in the realms of the spirit.$b$bI will put it to parchment and create for you a spell of summoning...","Find the Spider God's Name","","","",""
2937,"Summoning Shadra","Take his parchment, and read it at the altar of Shadra'Alor, deep within the witherbark realm in the Hinterlands.  This will summon Shadra the spider god.","Defeat Shadra at the altar of Shadra'Alor, then bring her venom to Apothecary Lydon in Tarren Mill.","Sweet, you got it!","","","","",""
2938,"Venom to the Undercity","The venom you gathered from the Witherbark's spider god is quite a find!  I've been able to kill nearly two dozen rabbits with just a drop of the stuff.  Granted, some of those rabbits were very young and small enough to fit in the palm of one's hand so I'm certain their resistance to toxins was low, but it can't be denied that this poison is powerful!$B$BI'd like a sample sent to my superior, Apothecary Faranell in the Apothecarium of the Undercity.  I am positive he would want to test this himself.","Bring Faranell's Parcel to Master Apothecary Faranell in the Undercity.","Ah, very good. Lydon mentioned the poison in this parcel is the most potent he has come in contact with, and is busy working on new applications with it.$b$bWith luck, we will find many.$b$bThank you, $N. Your service to the Royal Apothecary Society is undeniable.","","","","",""
2939,"In Search of Knowledge","While the ruins of Feralas can be quite dangerous, they have much to tell of what has happened here.$B$BSearching through the rubble to the south a few days ago, I discovered what appears to be a normal stave. However, I just can't shake the feeling that there is something more to it. Angelas and I have been poring over our books here, but we can't find a thing about it.$B$BI have a colleague in Darnassus that may be able to tell us what this is, $N. Why don't you go talk to her and see if she can help us?","Talk to Daryn Lightwind in Rut'theran Village.","Oh, so Troyas Moonbreeze sent you?$b$b<mutters>...always bothering me with his wild notions that he found something important...$b$bLook, $N, I'll be blunt. Troyas always thinks he has found something important in those ruins. The truth is, anything that was truly valuable was probably hoarded away long ago by the ogres or the harpies that now reside there.$b$bYou're welcome to take a look around, but I don't know if you'll find any books here that will help you.","","","","",""
2940,"Feralas: A History","This book looks as if no one has opened it for quite a long time. Its covers are quite worn, and its pages yellowed, but after examining it, you notice that it might be just what Troyas is looking for.$B$BYou pick it up, but realize you should probably ask before borrowing it.","Ask Daryn Lightwind if you may borrow her book.","So, you'd like to borrow Feralas: A History?$b$bLet me think...$b$bI will allow you to borrow this book, $N, but only if you do something for me first.","","","","",""
2941,"The Borrower","I have studied many subjects in my time, and my latest fascination is with the snapjaw that occupy the beach in the Hinterlands. There's one in particular I'd like to see, a giant snapjaw named Gammerita. I'd like to go myself, but my research keeps me here. I think a picture of her would be the next best thing.$B$BTake this letter to Curgle Cranklehop in Tanaris. She has created an invention for me that can capture a picture. She called it a \"snapshot,\" I think...","Take the letter to Curgle Cranklehop in Tanaris.","Are you another one of Daryn's interns? She's quite a knowledgeable historian, $N. You should be grateful to be studying under her leadership.$b$bNow, let me get the Super Snapper FX. You're gonna love it!","","","","",""
2942,"The Morrow Stone","The moment the artifact is removed from the Monolith, you feel the energy in the Stave of Equinex begin to fade.","Return the Sparkling Stone and the Stave of Equinex to Troyas Moonbreeze in Feathermoon Stronghold. ","I have been reading since you left, $N. This stone you have found is called the Morrow Stone. While I am not entirely sure what its purpose is yet, you can be sure that it is something of great significance to be hidden away inside the Equinex Monolith the way it was.$B$BI will continue my studies, and I hope I will be able to count on you in the future, $N. Thank you for all your help.","","","","",""
2943,"Return to Troyas","Here it is, $N. Please, take care of my book.$B$BNow, hurry along. I'm sure Troyas is eager for your return.","Deliver the book to Troyas Moonbreeze in Feathermoon Stronghold.","You have brought a book along. Excellent!","","","","",""
2944,"The Super Snapper FX","Have the first look at my new invention, $N. All you need to do is target whatever it is you'd like to take a picture of, and push the button.$B$BWhat was that creature from the Hinterlands that you mentioned? Gammerita? Well, good luck finding her. I'm sure Daryn will be quite pleased with the snapshot you return to her.$B$BIn any case, here's the Super Snapper. Have fun!","Use the Super Snapper FX to take a snapshot of Gammerita, then return to Daryn Lightwind in Rut'theran Village.","Well! Curgle's invention lived up to its expectations.$B$BDon't get too excited, but do know that I am pleased with your work, $N.$B$BNow, where did I leave that book...","","","","",""
2945,"Grime-Encrusted Ring","You have uncovered what appears to be a ring from the corpse of one of the Dark Iron dwarves.  It is difficult to tell what kind of ring it is, however; dirt and hardened residue cake the item completely, making wearing it impossible.  You think you can make out the slight luster of precious metal and maybe even the glint of a gem under the residue.$B$BIf you are going to make use of this ring, you are going to need to find something to get the hardened residue off of it.","Figure out a way to remove the grime from the Grime-Encrusted Ring.","You place the ring inside the Sparklematic 5200 and deposit a silver coin into the slot.$B$BPainful grinding noises emanate from the machine as it begins to jerk around violently.  One can only guess what is happening with the ring inside the machine...$B$BThe machine suddenly stops, trumpeting its cessation with a simple \"Ding!\"  The item receptacle opens up to reveal a small box that is neatly wrapped with a red bow.  It would appear that the Sparklematic 5200 also gift wraps!","","","","",""
2946,"Seeing What Happens","We want you to take the miniature discs you found to the sealed gates of Uldum.  We... we aren't sure what will happen when you do this.$B$BThis sounds risky, sure, we acknowledge that.  It might, however, do nothing.  You might need to use the discs on something.  Perhaps the doors unlock when you have the discs in your possession.  Be open to try anything, and be ready for anything to happen.$B$BWhen you've found out what happens, return to Ironforge.  We'll have a lot to analyze when you're done!","Bring the miniature platinum discs to the gates of Uldum in Tanaris and look for clues as to the connection between the two.","As you touch the pedestal, the miniature discs from Uldaman hum and glow in your backpack.  A familiar feeling tingle washes over your hands, as the image of another Stone Watcher springs to life in front of the gates of Uldum.$B$B\"Salutations.  I am a guardian of entry.  The discs that have been used for access are missing the correct entry discs, the Plates of Uldum.  Please incorporate these plates with the disc structure and repeat your access sequencing.  Thank you.\"","","","","",""
2947,"Return of the Ring","Opening the box produced by the Sparklematic 5200 reveals what you had suspected - a shiny ring!  Wearing the ring, you feel magic power surge through you body.$B$BInside the band is a small but nonetheless discernable imprint of the seal of Ironforge.  Next to that, three small initials are engraved: \"TdK\".  This may signify either the initials of the previous owner, or perhaps the initials of the ring's crafter.  Keep the ring... or return it to this person.  Decisions, decisions...","You may either keep the ring, or you may find the person responsible for the imprint and engravings on the inside of the band.","A ring, you say?  Let's see... yep, I made that ring by golly.$B$BBefore Gnomeregan went up, I had a small shop there.  Perhaps it's one I left behind when I ran for the hills; it's a simple design, and I made several like it.  Maybe it's from someone who didn't make it out.$B$BDark Iron dwarves had this?  Well, that puts a new layer of conspiracy on the nine different layers already floating about.  Maybe the authorities would like to know; it's wasted on the likes of me.$B$BNow, back to the ring...","","","","",""
2948,"Gnome Improvement","Listen $n, that ring is yours, sure... but I can make you a better one!  That design, like I said, is really simple.  I am a lot more skilled now, and for the mere fee of thirty silver coins I'll spruce it up for you!  Well, a little more than thirty, actually...$B$BI'm in a tight spot right now; all my material stock is all dried up.  If you bring me a bar of silver and a moss agate, I'll add a silver and agate lattice to the ring that will give it a little more pizzazz!$B$BTrust me!","Bring the Brilliant Gold Ring, a Silver Bar, a Moss Agate, and 30 silver coins to Talvash del Kissel in Ironforge.","Ah, exactly what I needed!  Someday, when I find myself out of this hole that I am unjustly in, I will make for you, for EVERYONE the finest trinkets in all of Azeroth!  Until then, thanks for being a sport about the reagents.  I'd normally charge ten times what I have charged you for a ring of this quality...$B$BSpeaking of rings, here's your new one!","","","","",""
2949,"Return of the Ring","Opening the box produced by the Sparklematic 5200 reveals a shiny ring!  Donning the ring, you feel magic power surge through your body.$B$BInside the band is a small but nonetheless discernable imprint of the seal of Orgrimmar.  Engraved letters are next to it, but only the first three stand out even after cleaning: \"NOG...\"$B$BThis may signify either the initials of the previous owner, or perhaps the initials of the ring's crafter.  Keep the ring... or find \"NOG\" - decisions, decisions...","You may either keep the ring, or you may find the person responsible for the imprint and engravings on the inside of the band.","A ring from Gnomeregan?  Let's see... not mine, but interesting.$B$BThe Gnomeregan thing - couldn't have happened to a nicer bunch of numbskulls.  For years they're a joke, and now almost overnight they're making better rigs than us?$B$BDark Iron dwarves had the ring?  That's even more interesting!  You know, maybe the gnomes stole their crazy golem plans and modified them.  Those Dark Irons, they'd definitely want some major payback.  It's certainly worth investigating.$B$BYou know, about that ring...","","","","",""
2950,"Nogg's Ring Redo","No, no, no - I'm not all of the sudden saying that the ring is mine.  I normally don't do this, but your information about the Dark Irons was very useful.  I'll improve your ring for you, better than whomever made this simple little thing could have ever done.  Probably some gnome...$B$BIf you bring me a bar of silver, a moss agate, and thirty silver coins for my trouble, I'll add a silver and agate lattice to the ring that will strengthen the magic inside of it.  Interested?","Bring the Brilliant Gold Ring, a Silver Bar, a Moss Agate, and 30 silver coins to Nogg in Orgrimmar.","Here's your ring, better than before.  Thanks again for the information about those Dark Iron dwarves.  This seems like a reasonable lead as to how those gnomes suddenly were struck with goblin-like inspiration.","","","","",""
2951,"The Sparklematic 5200!","This contraption stands out amongst the gnomes holding out against the madness outside the room.  A small plaque on the device reads \"The Sparklematic 5200\", followed by some text:$B$B\"Grime and residue ruining your sparklies?  The Sparklematic 5200 puts the shine back in shine-tastic!  Insert the item you wish to clean and deposit three silver coins in the coin slot.  Give the Sparklematic 5200 a moment for operation, and voila!  Your valuables will emerge clean and shiny!\"","Insert a Grime-Encrusted Item into the Sparklematic 5200, and be sure to have three silver coins to start the machine.","You insert the grime-encrusted item and three silver coins into the Sparklematic 5200. The machine surges to life in a frenzied attempt to purge the grime from the unknown item. Loud, violent churning sounds beat from the heart of the machine. The metal frame of the beast creaks and groans as it lurches from side to side...","","","","",""
2952,"The Sparklematic 5200!","","","As quickly as it started, the Sparklematic 5200 comes to an abrupt halt. A simple \"ding\" is heard from the machine, and the mouth of the machine spirals upward. Inside the Sparklematic 5200 is a small box wrapped in a little bow. The machine would appear to wrap an object up after eliminating its grime-encrusted status. Even if the machine didn't work, at least the item is now wrapped in a pretty box.$B$BWell, there is one way to find out if it cleaned the item or not...","","","","",""
2953,"More Sparklematic Action","","","The Sparklematic 5200 comes to life, lurching to and fro. Inside, the helpless grime that has encrusted the object placed within it is being pulverized by the machine's gnomish cleaning agent.$B$BThe Sparklematic 5200 comes to a halt, heralded by a familiar \"ding!\" The item receptacle of the machine spirals open, revealing a neatly wrapped box.","","","","",""
2954,"The Stone Watcher","\"Salutations - I am a guardian of entry.  Unless you have the Plates of Uldum already integrated with your disc set, I will not allow for entry into the Uldum compound.\"$B$BThe appearance of the Stone Watcher of Norgannon must be the reaction that was hoped for in sending you out to the Tanaris desert with the platinum discs.  As instructed, you will need to find out what the story behind the Stone Watcher is before continuing on.","Learn the purpose of the Stone Watcher of Norgannon, and then interact with the Uldum Pedestal in the Tanaris desert.","The stone watcher's voice resonates with power and authority:$B$B\"Your discs will be returned to you once you access the pedestal.  When you have obtained the Plates of Uldum and incorporated them into your existing disc set, you may then enter the complex.\"","Learn the purpose of the Stone Watcher of Norgannon","","","",""
2962,"The Only Cure is More Green Glow","Not only was your sample insufficient in quantity, it was also impure.$B$BWhat we require is more green glow. The troggs are obviously not irradiated sufficiently to fulfill our needs. You will have to go into Gnomeregan and bring back some radioactive fallout, straight from the tap. I am speaking of the irradiated slimes, lurkers and horrors. Be warned, the containment of this type of fallout is difficult. You may need to make several attempts with the phial until a suitable sampling is recovered.","Travel to Gnomeregan and bring back High Potency Radioactive Fallout. Be warned, the fallout is unstable and will collapse rather quickly.$B$BOzzie will also require your Heavy Leaden Collection Phial when the task is complete.\
","<Ozzie examines you.> Impressive, you still have all of your limbs. Now it's time to see what this stuff can do!","","","","",""
2963,"Portents of Uldum","Greetings once again, $n!  Your discovery inside Uldaman has set the Explorers' League abuzz with excitement.  The League has been working to unlock the secrets of the miniature platinum discs you found.  Your fortuitous arrival here in the Hall allows me to share with you that we are quite possibly on to something!$B$BHistorian Karnik has uncovered some important clues as to the true origins of the Valley of the Watchers in the Tanaris desert.  He would like to speak with you as soon as possible!","Speak with Historian Karnik in the Hall of Explorers within Ironforge.","I am glad you're maintaining your interest in exploration, $n!  With your natural talent and moxie, we could crack open secrets that we never thought were possible!$B$BThe Discs of Norgannon in Uldaman were a repository of vast information; you were only permitted to access the top layers, as it were, of the information stored there.  The Creators were rumored to have more repositories located throughout Azeroth.  This now brings us to Uldum...","","","","",""
2964,"A Future Task","Well $n... we seem to be at a temporary dead end here.  We know what we need - the Plates of Uldum - but we have no idea where they might be.  We'll need to do quite a bit of research on this to come up with a solid plan of attack.  I have a couple ideas where to start looking; I have high hopes that soon, we'll be asking you to head out and recover them.$B$BThe High Explorer needs to be informed on this, $n; no doubt, he also wants to thank you personally for once again aiding the League.","Speak with High Explorer Magellas in Ironforge.","We're all in agreement then - the best plan of attack is putting this on hold until we can narrow down the areas where these plates might lie hidden.  You've brought us this far $n, and I hope you will be the one to head back in to the field to unlock Uldum for us all!$B$BAllow me to give you this honorarium in the meantime; this should cover any expenses you've encountered in assisting us, and a little something extra.  Be sure to check back with us soon... Uldum beckons!","","","","",""
2965,"Portents of Uldum","Ah, $n, it is fortuitous that you have come to me again.  Your revelations at the Uldaman dig site have certainly given us sages much discuss.  I was doing just that with one of the druids, Nara Wildmane, when it dawned on me that her past adventuring experiences may have some great importance as to the next step we need to take.$B$BI would like for you to speak with her concerning her travels to the Valley of the Watchers in the Tanaris desert.  She waits for you on the Elder Rise.","Speak with Nara Wildmane on the Elder Rise in Thunder Bluff.","There is a place deep in the Tanaris desert called the Valley of the Watchers.  The discs that you recovered... their translated glyphs make mention of a place called Uldum.  Most think this place to be a myth.$B$BI know this to be false; Uldum exists.  I've been there.  Well... outside, at any rate.$B$BThe crux is this, $N: we think there is a connection between the discs and Uldum, and we want you to go there.","","","","",""
2966,"Seeing What Happens","Sage Truthseeker and I would like you to take the miniature discs you found to the sealed gates of Uldum.  We... we aren't sure what will happen when you do this.$B$BThis sounds risky, sure, we acknowledge that.  It might, however, do nothing.  You might need to use the discs on something.  Perhaps the doors unlock when you have the discs in your possession.  Be open to try anything, and be ready for anything to happen.$B$BLearn what you can, then return to me. We will have much to discuss.","Bring the miniature platinum discs to the gates of Uldum in Tanaris and look for clues as to the connection between the two.","As you touch the pedestal, the miniature discs from Uldaman hum and glow in your backpack.  A familiar feeling tingle washes over your hands, as the image of another Stone Watcher springs to life in front of the gates of Uldum.$B$B\"Salutations.  I am a guardian of entry.  The discs that have been used for access are missing the correct entry discs, the Plates of Uldum.  Please incorporate these plates with the disc structure and repeat your access sequencing.  Thank you.\"","","","","",""
2967,"Return to Thunder Bluff","You access the pedestal again; the platinum discs suddenly appear once more in your backpack.$B$BWith the knowledge of the stone watcher learned and the discs returned to your possession, the time has come to return to Thunder Bluff and inform the Nara Wildmane of your discovery.","Speak with Nara Wildmane in Thunder Bluff.","You were missing some discs?  Interestingly enough, it seems that the discs of Norgannon are only parts of the complete set - like keys on a key ring, if you will.$B$BIf we can find the Plates of Uldum, then we could actually access the Uldum complex itself.  I don't know whether to be excited by that prospect, or be terrified.$B$BWe may need to risk everything to ensure that those secrets the earth keeps which would destroy us all remain just that - secrets.","","","","",""
2968,"A Future Task","Well $n... we seem to be at an unfortunate impasse.  We know what we need - the Plates of Uldum - but we have no idea where they might be.  We will research this, and then devise a solid plan of attack.  I have a couple ideas where to start looking; I have high hopes that soon, we'll be asking you to rejoin our efforts to discover the truth.$B$BSage Truthseeker needs to be informed on this, $n; no doubt, he also wants to thank you personally for once again heeding the call.","Speak with Sage Truthseeker in Thunder Bluff.","We're all in agreement then - the best course of action is to wait until we can narrow down the areas where these plates might lie hidden. You've brought us this far $N, and I hope you will be the one to head back in to the field to confront the secrets of Uldum.$B$BAllow me to give you this honorarium in the meantime; this should cover any expenses you've encountered in assisting us, and a little something extra. Be sure to check back with us soon... Uldum beckons us all, young one.","","","","",""
2969,"Freedom for All Creatures","The filthy Grimtotem clan are capturing faerie dragons, $N. Jer'kai and I have no idea what they plan on doing with them, but they're obviously up to no good.$B$BWe're not powerful enough to fight our way into the camp and free the captured dragons, but perhaps with your help...$B$BIf you're willing, and you have some strong friends, release the creatures from their cage with this key and make sure they escape with their lives. I'll be by your side the entire time. Jer'kai will remain here.","Using the Bamboo Cage Key, free the Sprite Darters from the pen in the Grimtotem camp. At least 6 Sprite Darters and Kindal Moonweaver must survive.$B$BYou have 6 minutes before Kindal decides it is time to retreat and you fail the quest.","Thank Elune, $N! You are a great blessing to us and to the darters you saved. Jer'kai and I would never have been able to help the dragons ourselves--your intervention in the Grimtotem's affairs will be remembered.$B$BSpeak to Jer'kai now... I have to prepare for our retribution. Just because the faerie dragons are free, it doesn't mean they will remain so. Jer'kai and I will now go on the offensive.","Save at least 6 Sprite Darters from capture","","","",""
2970,"Doling Justice","As she's already told you, Kindal and I will now take the fight to the Grimtotem. Together, we should still be able to pick off some of the tauren without much threat to ourselves, but we'd love some help if you're willing and able.$B$BYou've seen the camp below us, but there are more to the east. Using your own tactics, deal as much damage to the tauren as you can. We can all meet back here after they've felt the sting of Kindal's arrows and your own weapons.","Kill 12 Grimtotem Naturalists, 10 Grimtotem Raiders, and 6 Grimtotem Shamans before returning to Jer'kai Moonweaver in Feralas.","Kindal was right about you, $N--you do have a knack for this. You are a more seasoned adventurer than the both of us, and for that we thank you.$B$BThe Grimtotem clan is much more hostile than most tauren... I wonder if their own kind frowns upon their actions. I wouldn't be surprised. As you are probably aware, many races on Azeroth have ties to less kindly counterparts.$B$BBut that is a discussion for another day.","","","","",""
2972,"Doling Justice","Out here in the wilderness, Kindal and I have meager means to reward your help, but we don't want you to feel unappreciated. Take my signet ring. If you ever find yourself in the boughs of Teldrassil, go to the Temple of the Moon in the heart of Darnassus. There you will find my High Priestess Tyrande Whisperwind. The ring will let her know that we are well and give credit to your story.$B$BWe both thank you, $N.","Take Jer'kai's Signet Ring to High Priestess Tyrande Whisperwind in Darnassus.","That's an amazing story, $N. It pleases us that you've not only helped dragonkind, but also one of our own priestess. Jer'kai was right to send you to me. I will make sure she has her ring returned to her--I have scouts heading the direction of Feralas soon. This will be one more thing for them to investigate while on their mission.$B$BThank you again, and please, make yourself at home while you're here.","","","","",""
2973,"A New Cloak's Sheen","Well met, $c. I've traveled with my companions down to the Feralas on a mission for our Orgrimmar masters.$B$BMy life-mate Korrin finds great pleasure in new clothing, so I aim to make her a new cloak adorned with the gossamer wings of faerie dragons. Would you be able to help me? Sprite darters with gorgeous wings I want are west of Camp Mojache.","Bring 10 Iridescent Sprite Darter Wings to Krueg Skullsplitter in Camp Mojache.","Wonderful, $c! These will do nicely. There are enough here to make a cloak for Korrin, and possibly even more! Thank you.$B$BI hope the trip wasn't too dangerous? The area of Feralas is not known for being forgiving, but you've obviously done well enough.$B$BThank you again, $c.","","","","",""
2974,"A Grim Discovery","What!? You came across tauren in the area? You're joking! What did they look like!?$B$BThe Grimtotem clan! You found some of them? Belgrom, one of our masters, has an interest in their kind... he's even put a bounty on them.$B$BYou have to go back, $c. Go back and bring me their horns... piles of them if you can. The Grimtotem are not to be trifled with or underestimated. Go back and slay them; let the rivers in Feralas run red with their dark blood.","Bring 20 Grimtotem Horns to Krueg Skullsplitter in Camp Mojache.","These are good horns, $c. Well done. I'll take these from you and be sure to tell Belgrom as soon as we return to Orgrimmar. You've helped me twice now, and for that, you have my mark. Perhaps in the future I can help you! Good luck to you.","","","","",""
2975,"The Ogres of Feralas","The effects of the Gordunni Ogre tribe can hardly go unnoticed in this area. Look around, $N; their very presence scars this land. We must push them back before they expand even further into Feralas.$B$BFollow the river north, and you will find their outpost. Decrease their numbers, $N. We must show them that their kind is not wanted here.","Rok Orhan in Camp Mojache wants you to kill 10 Gordunni Ogres, 10 Gordunni Ogre-Magi, and 5 Gordunni Brutes.","Excellent, $N. In time, the land will heal. We must not give up.","","","","",""
2976,"A Grim Discovery","What?!$B$BAh, so I did mention a bounty, didn't I? Well, that'll teach me to open my mouth, won't it?$B$BYou did the work, so I suppose it is only right you reap the greatest reward from it. Take the horns, I'll have them put in a crate for you. Find Belgrom Rockmaul in the Valley of Honor, he'll want to know what you saw and he'll reward you for your hard work.$B$BBe well, $c, and thank you again for everything you've done.","Bring the Crate of Grimtotem Horns to Belgrom Rockmaul in Orgrimmar.","The Grimtotem!? This is interesting. You say you came across them while hunting in Feralas? Truly?$B$BMy peers will want to hear your news, $c. Tell me more and I'll count out your coin while you do so.$B$BAnd before you go, know that I give you thanks for the information you've passed on to me this day.","","","","",""
2977,"Return to Ironforge","You access the pedestal again; the platinum discs suddenly appear once more in your backpack.$B$BWith the knowledge of the stone watcher learned and the discs returned to your possession, the time has come to return to Ironforge and inform the Explorers' League of your discovery.","Speak with Historian Karnik in Ironforge.","You were missing some discs?  Interestingly enough, it seems that the discs of Norgannon are only parts of the complete set - like keys on a key ring, if you will.$B$BIf we can find the Plates of Uldum, then we could actually access the Uldum complex itself!  Imagine actually exploring the place where the Creators worked without having to bring a huge shovel!$B$BNot that there's anything wrong with shovels... or digging...","","","","",""
2978,"The Gordunni Scroll","Picking up the soiled scroll, you notice that it seems to be depicting some sort of meeting or ceremony. Rok Orhan would be interested in this scroll, and what it might mean to the Gordunni.","Bring the Gordunni Scroll to Rok Orhan in Camp Mojache.","This scroll... You found this in the Gordunni Outpost? ","","","","",""
2979,"Dark Ceremony","These seem to be plans for some sort of dark ceremony, $N. From what I can make out, this ritual is conducted by the Gordunni mage-lords.$B$BFind one of these mage-lords, and from him, gather an orb.$B$BThe orb of a mage contains great power, and will help us discover more about this ceremony and the magic that the Gordunni wield.","Rok Orhan in Camp Mojache wants you to find a Gordunni Orb.","This orb will provide us with more information about the Gordunni... which we will then use in planning their downfall, $N.","","","","",""
2980,"The Ogres of Feralas","Now that you have proven that you are a true fighter, I trust that you possess the courage to continue with the task at hand.$B$BTravel to the High Wilderness, southwest of here. There lie some abandoned and destroyed structures, on land that once belonged to the night elves. Look for these ruins, and when you see the withered trees and desecrated terrain, you will find the Gordunni. Push them back.$B$BThese ogres are much stronger than the ones you faced previously, $N. Be aware.","Rok Orhan in Camp Mojache wants you to kill 10 Gordunni Shaman, 10 Gordunni Warlocks, and 5 Gordunni Maulers.","You have proven yourself to be a trustworthy and dependable ally, $N. ","","","","",""
2981,"A Threat in Feralas","Feralas is an ideal location for an accomplished $c to prove $Ghimself:herself;. A tribe of ogres called the Gordunni are the dominant military force there, and their numbers are growing. They must be stopped before they threaten our presence in Feralas.$B$BA warrior I know of named Rok Orhan resides at Camp Mojache in Feralas; go to her. She will tell you more of the situation when you arrive.","Belgrom Rockmaul wants you to speak with Rok Orhan in Camp Mojache.","So, Belgrom sent you. You are just in time, $R.$B$BLet me explain the situation, and then you can decide if you are up to the challenge... But if Belgrom sent you, I am sure your courage is unquestionable.","","","","",""
2982,"The High Wilderness","Although it is dangerous, Troyas and I have been investigating the ruins that cover the forests of Feralas.$B$BLately, though, Troyas has been going on his own to the High Wilderness, and I really worry about him. The Gordunni Ogres have taken over that area, and they don't take kindly to anyone that enters their territory.$B$BI was hoping you might be willing to travel to the ruins to the southeast and clear out some of the ogres. Make it a little safer for my Troyas, and I will be extremely grateful.","Angelas Moonbreeze wants you to kill 8 Gordunni Warlocks, 8 Gordunni Shaman, and 8 Gordunni Brutes.","I am very grateful you were able to do this for me.$B$BNow, please, don't mention a word to Troyas about this...","","","","",""
2983,"Call of Fire","It's been some time since you were tested last, $N. You've been patient thus far in your studies, but it's time for you to learn about greater powers... it's time you learn real power. The element of fire is yours if you're prepared to pay for it.$B$BSeek out Kranal Fiss in the Barrens. He lives in a small dwelling north of the Crossroads, but be mindful, if you've reached the blasted night elf lands, you've gone way too far.","Find Kranal Fiss in the Barrens.","Hmmm, Swart sent you to me, did he?$B$BWell then, Swart could always be trusted, so that must mean you're ready to take part of the next sapta--the sapta of fire.$B$BI see it in your eyes already, the burning, the desire. You've tasted power, and now you're ready for more of it. Patience, $N. Remember what earth taught you. Power and destruction will come easily, but you must still know when to stay your hand.","","","","",""
2984,"Call of Fire","Long has it been since you were last tested, $N. You have shown patience thus far in your studies, but the time has come for you to learn more. The time has come for you to learn about destruction... and chaos. The element of fire is yours for the understanding, if you're prepared to pay for it.$B$BSeek out Kranal Fiss in the Barrens. He lives in a small dwelling north of the Crossroads, but be mindful, if you've reached the night elf lands, you've gone too far.","Find Kranal Fiss in the Barrens.","Hmmm, Narm sent you to me, did he?$B$BWell then, Narm could always be trusted, so that must mean you're ready to take part of the next sapta--the sapta of fire.$B$BI see it in your eyes already, the burning, the desire. You've tasted power, and now you're ready for more of it. Patience, $N. Remember what earth taught you. Power and destruction will come easily, but you must still know when to stay your hand.","","","","",""
2985,"Call of Water","You look ready for your next test, $N. You've been patient in your studies, but the time has come for you to learn more. The time has come for you to learn about the purity of water.$B$BSeek out Islen Waterseer in the Barrens. She is along the eastern coast, south of the Southfury River and Ratchet. You will find her there at her fishing hut. Good luck to you, $N.","Find Islen Waterseer in the Barrens.","The wind approaches you quickly from the horizon; the earth is steady beneath your feet; and your spirit is already warmed by fire--I would say it is time for you to learn about the purity of water.$B$BYour path has led you this far, and your spirit will give you the strength to carry on even further. But the first step is yours to take.","","","","",""
2986,"Call of Water","Long has it been since you were last tested, $N. You have shown patience thus far in your studies, but the time has come for you to learn more. The time has come for you to learn about the purity of water.$B$BSeek out Islen Waterseer in the Barrens. She is along the eastern coast, south of the Southfury River and Ratchet. You will find her there at her fishing hut. Good luck to you, $N.","Find Islen Waterseer in the Barrens.",\N,\N,"","","",""
2987,"Gordunni Cobalt","I just arrived here in Feralas, and I've heard that the Gordunni Ogres that inhabit the wilds here have some interesting minerals. Who knows what they are up to, but they sure are protective of that stuff! They don't leave it just lying around; no, they bury it to protect folks like me from getting their hands on it.$B$BIf you'd be willing, I'll give you my shovel. Go to the Gordunni Outpost north of here and dig me up some Gordunni cobalt. Look for the blue glow, then start digging!","Orwin Gizzmick in Camp Mojache wants 12 samples of Gordunni Cobalt.","Perfect! I will take these along as I continue my travels, $N. I'm sure I can find someone that will pay a pretty penny for this cobalt.$B$BHere, take this for your trouble.","","","","",""
2988,"Witherbark Cages","The son of our mightiest gryphon is gone! Swiftwing's heir, Sharpbeak, was lost while hunting with his parents a few days ago, and we believe it was the trolls who took him.$B$BYou must aid us!  Search the cages in the two Witherbark troll villages to see if Sharpbeak is there.","Check the cages at the two Witherbark villages, then return to Gryphon  Master Talonaxe.","Sharpbeak wasn't at the villages?  Hm... this is grim news.  That gryphon is destined to lead the next generation of gryphons.  If he is lost then the strength and spirit of our fleet will suffer immensely.","","Check First Cage","Check Second Cage","Check Third Cage",""
2989,"The Altar of Zul","Sharpbeak was not with the Witherbark trolls.  Perhaps the Vilebranch trolls took him.  Go to the Altar of Zul on the western edge of Vilebranch territory and search for the gryphon child. ","Check the top of the Altar of Zul, then return to Gryphon Master Talonaxe.","Sharpbeak wasn't there?  That is bad news, but it is good news too...$B$BIt is good that he was not at the Altar of Zul for the Vilebranch trolls are known for performing sacrifices.$B$BI thank you for all of your aid, but I'm afraid I have an even greater task ahead.","Search the Altar of Zul","","","",""
2990,"Thadius Grimshade","Take this feather to Thadius Grimshade, the diviner.  He left Aerie Peak years ago to pursue darker knowledge, but in his heart he is still a Wildhammer!$B$BAnd perhaps his talents can help us find Sharpbeak.$B$BThis feather was taken from the nest where the gryphon child sleeps.  If you give it to Thadius then, with luck, he can use his divining magics to find Sharpbeak.$B$BGood luck, $N.  You will find Thadius in the Blasted Lands, in the mage tower of Nethergarde Keep.","Bring Sharpbeak's Feather to Thadius Grimshade in the Blasted Lands.","Ah, yes.  This feather belongs to a fine gryphon.  One destined for great things... if he can survive into adulthood undamaged.$B$BYou wish to find him?  Then listen close, brave $c...","","","","",""
2991,"Nekrum's Medallion","I'll find out where your gryphon is, but first you have to do something for me.  There's a troll in Zul'Farrak, Nekrum Gutchewer, who possesses a medallion I would very much like to study.  Bring me that Medallion and I'll use my powers to find Sharpbeak.$B$BZul'Farrak is across the ocean to the west, in the desert of Tanaris.","Bring Nekrum's Medallion to Thadius Grimshade in the Blasted Lands.","Ah, the medallion of Nekrum.  It is rumored to have given the troll an unnatural long life, but at a cost.  I hope to discover a way to reap the medallion's power while avoiding its... unpleasant side effects.$B$BYou have done me a service, $N.  I shall now uphold my end of our bargain.","","","","",""
2992,"The Divination","Give me room while I perform a ritual of divination.  I will find the connection between the feather you brought me and its owner, and follow that connection to Sharpbeak himself.$B$BThat is... I will if all goes according to plan.  If it does not, then... you better close your eyes.","Wait until Grimshade performs the ritual of divination.","The ritual was a success.  I have seen Sharpbeak and can tell you how to find him.","Wait for Grimshade to finish","","","",""
2993,"Return to the Hinterlands","Sharpbeak is held in a cage, high on a cliff at the top of Jintha'Alor in the Hinterlands.  The key to this cage is possessed by the high priestess of the Vilebranch trolls, Vile Priestess Hexx.$B$BThere.  I have done my part.  I bid you fortune on your quest, $N.","Speak with Gryphon Master Talonaxe.","You've spoken with Grimshade?  What did he say?$B$B...What?  The Vilebranch trolls have Sharpbeak?  That's unbearable!  We must organize a force to get him back!","","","","",""
2994,"Saving Sharpbeak","We must save Sharpbeak!$B$BFight your way to the top of Jintha'Alor in the heart of Vilebranch territory, gain the key to Sharpbeak's cage from the vile Priestess Hexx, and then find and save Sharpbeak!","Fight to the top of Jintha'Alor, kill Vile Priestess Hexx for the key to Sharpbeak's cage, and save Sharpbeak.","Swiftwind and Keenclaw returned with their child moments ago, and are fussing over him like new parents.  Seeing them together again is enough to give even this old dwarf mist in the eyes...$B$BWe cannot repay you enough for what you have done, $N.  The gryphons of Aerie peak, and their riders, will sing your name for a long, long time.","","","Open Sharpbeak's Cage","",""
2995,"Lines of Communication","The Quel'Danil Lodge is a center of communication for the high elves of the Hinterlands. Their ambassadors are working to establish relationships with other races, with whom they share their knowledge of the Witherbark trolls that inhabit the area in the southern Hinterlands. All of the documents regarding the communications are kept at the lodge.$B$BWe don't need the Highvale building alliances with others, $N.$B$BDestroy the Highvale documents.  We need to burn their lines of communication... literally.","Oran Snakewrithe in Undercity wants you to travel to the Hinterlands and burn the Highvale Records, Highvale Report, and Highvale Notes.","Perfect, $N. While the Highvale work to recover their lost information, we will be able to seal off the lines even further...","","Burn the Highvale Records","Burn the Highvale Notes","Burn the Highvale Report",""
2996,"Seeking Strahad","I have taught you skills in the past, but the time has come for another to teach you. He is in Ratchet, and his name is Strahad. He is human, but do not let that fool you into thinking he is weak. He is powerful even though he may be small. He can teach you about more powerful summonings--I feel you are ready. Go to him now. He is in Ratchet... above the port town next to his tower.","Speak to Strahad Farsan in Ratchet.","A busy day in Ratchet, isn't it? How I enjoy watching the toil of a port city. So much mystery, so much adventure... so much ignorance.$B$BIs that hatred I see in your eyes, $N? Good, we will put that to good use.","","","","",""
2997,"Tome of Divinity","Hello, $N. I know you're busy helping out the people of Dun Morogh, but when you have the time, you should make your way up to Ironforge to speak to one of our most respected ilk: Tiza Battleforge. She's the one the younger paladins go to when it's time they learn more about the Light and what's expected of ya.$B$BYou can find her upstairs in the Hall of Mysteries. If you've never been there, it's in the Mystic Ward. Good luck to ya, $N.","Speak to Tiza Battleforge in Ironforge.","Well met, $N. I hope the Light shows you the true path and keeps you safe from evil.","","","","",""
2998,"Tome of Divinity","Greetings, $Gbrother:sister;. Duthorian Rall, one of our most influential paladins, was speaking about you recently. I overheard him talking about how it was time you be put to the test some... along with some very complimentary things about how well you've performed thus far.$B$BIf I were you, I'd head to Stormwind and speak to him when you have time. I'm sure he's in the Cathedral of Light--that's where he spends most of his time.","Speak to Duthorian Rall in Stormwind.","It is beautiful here in Stormwind, is it not?$B$BYour timing actually couldn't have been better, $N.","","","","",""
2999,"Tome of Divinity","Hello, $N. I know you're busy helping out the people of Dun Morogh, but when you have the time, you should go upstairs and speak to one of our most respected ilk: Tiza Battleforge. She's the one the younger paladins go to when it's time they learn more about the Light and what's expected of ya.","Speak to Tiza Battleforge in Ironforge","Well met, $N. I hope the Light shows you the true path and keeps you safe from evil.","","","","",""
3000,"Tome of Divinity","Hello, $N. I know you're busy helping out the people of Azeroth, but when you have the time, you should return to Ironforge and speak to one of the most respected paladins of your home: Tiza Battleforge. She's the one the younger dwarven paladins go to when it is time they learn more about the Light and what's expected of all of us.$B$BYou can find her upstairs in the Hall of Mysteries which is located in the Mystic Ward.","Speak to Tiza Battleforge in Ironforge.","I greet you, and bid you welcome, $N.","","","","",""
3001,"Seeking Strahad","I have taught you skills in the past, but the time has come for another to teach you. He is in Ratchet, and his name is Strahad. He is human, but do not let that fool you into thinking he is weak, nor is he your enemy... at least for now. He is powerful and should be respected. He can teach you about greater summonings, summonings I feel you are prepared for. Go to him now.$B$BYou can find him in Ratchet... above the port town next to the tower there.","Find Strahad Farsan in Ratchet.","A busy day in Ratchet, isn't it? How I enjoy watching the toil of a port city. So much mystery, so much adventure... so much ignorance.$B$BIs that hatred I see in your eyes, $N? Good, we will put that to good use.","","","","",""
3002,"The Gordunni Orb","Although I know my enemy well, I am a warrior, $N. I cannot begin to tell you what this orb is capable of.$B$BI know of a mage in Orgrimmar that will be able to tell us more about the orb. Take it to him. ","Bring the Gordunni Orb to Uthel'nay in the Darkbriar Lodge in Orgrimmar.","Fascinating, $N...$B$BThis orb is very powerful, but also very dangerous.","","","","",""
3022,"Handle With Care","$N, I can see you yearn to be dedicated to my worthwhile cause. Yes, of course, you can do something for me!$B$BTake this crate of eggs to Erelas Ambersky. He is a druid that cares for these eggs, helping them to hatch and then training the young hippogryphs. You will find him in Teldrassil, in a small village to the south called Rut'theran.","Bring the Carefully-packed Crate to Erelas Ambersky in Rut'theran Village.","Thank you for your help, $N. The hippogryph population simply wouldn't flourish if it weren't for us. Ah, but I am sure you understand all too well, having traveled to Feralas yourself, and seen the devastation of the Gordunni there.$B$BWell, as you can see, I am hard at work here, so you'd best be on your way.$B$BThanks again, $N.","","","","",""
3042,"Troll Temper","The Sandfury trolls of Zul'Farrak make a tempering agent from sandstones, and I can use that to temper the goods I craft, yes I can!  It is highly prized by connoisseurs, so if you bring me a good supply of the temper, then I'll reward you well.$B$BZul'Farrak is northwest of Gadgetzan.  Good luck.","Bring 20 Vials of Troll Temper to Trenton Lighthammer in Gadgetzan.","Ah, this is very nice temper indeed! And so much of it! I'll be at work for days before I use it all!$b$bThank you, $N. Please, take this as payment.","","","","",""
3062,"Dark Heart","Edana Hatetalon is the queen of the Northspring harpies that reside in the ruins to the west. She is pure evil; I have heard that her heart is one of crystal. She is void of any emotion aside from the hate she feels towards all others. You must face Edana and bring me back her dark heart.$B$BI have heard of a horn that harpies carry -- blowing it by the Hatetalon stones, in the northern part of the ruins, will summon the queen.$B$BImagine her surprise when it is not her kin calling her, but her death.","Talo Thornhoof in Camp Mojache wants Edana Hatetalon's Dark Heart.","Now I know that Edana is truly dead. This heart; I will keep it in memory of what did here for me, $N. Thank you.","","","","",""
3063,"Vengeance on the Northspring","In my day, I was a seasoned hunter. There wasn't any creature around that I feared. Until...$B$BI was out in the forest, sharpening my blade after a tough battle, when I was ambushed. Harpies surrounded me, and I barely managed to drag myself to safety.$B$BEven now, I can still hear their cries echoing...$B$BI was never the same after that. But the hate boils inside of me -- I must get even, after all these years.$B$BThe Northspring harpies can be found to the west of here. $N, get my revenge. ","Talo Thornhoof wants you to kill 4 Northspring Harpies, 4 Northspring Roguefeathers, 4 Northspring Windcallers, and 4 Northspring Slayers.","Thank you, $N. You have put an old tauren's mind at peace.","","","","",""
3065,"Simple Tablet","Ah, while you were gone a parchment came for you, $N.$B$BRead it when you have time. If I'm not mistaken, it came from the warrior trainer Frang. He would have words with you when you're ready. You'll find him outside the Den, taking cover in the shade.","Read the Simple Tablet and speak to Frang in the Valley of Trials.","You'll find this place fitting as you continue to train in the $C ways. If you have any questions, feel free to ask anyone around, and when you feel you're ready, come back to me for training. I've mastered as much as any $C here in the Valley and can pass that knowledge on to you... for a price.","","","","",""
3082,"Etched Tablet","Ah, while you were gone a tablet came for you, $N.$B$BRead it when you have time. If I'm not mistaken, it came from the hunter trainer Jen'shan. She would have words with you when you're ready.","Speak to Jen'shan in the Valley of Trials.","Now we teach them those things, and they teach us others. We become one race... almost. We be allies for long time now. So you remember to help them. And Jen'shan remember to help you.$b$bJen'shan teach you da ways of the $C--teach you good. You never forget, $C's be respected greatly by da tribe. You be havin' a large role to play in da future... you never forget that.$b$bWhen you feel da need, come to Jen'shan. She teach you as much as she can when she feel you ready.","","","","",""
3083,"Encrypted Tablet","Ah, while you were gone a tablet came for you, $N.$B$BRead it when you have time. If I'm not mistaken, it came from the rogue trainer Rwag. He would have words with you when you're ready.","Read the Encrypted Tablet and speak to Rwag in the Valley of Trials.","Until such time comes, you'll be under my tutelage. I will show you the ropes as some folks say. Whenever you feel prepared, come to me and I will see about training you further. Until then, practice your skills and keep them honed to a razor's edge. You'll never know when you'll need even the most insignificant ability.","","","","",""
3084,"Rune-Inscribed Tablet","Ah, while you were gone a tablet came for you, $N.$B$BRead it when you have time. If I'm not mistaken, it came from the shaman trainer Shikrik. She would have words with you when you're ready.","Speak to Shikrik in the Valley of Trials.","As you probably know, the elements give us our power. Fire, earth, water and air--these are our tools.$b$bOur strength comes from the spirits of our ancestors. We are the leaders of our people. Like Thrall is to the Horde, so shall we be to the villages and towns we visit. They will look to us for wisdom and protection. To be better prepared, you must train often. When you feel you've gained more power, come to me and I shall teach you what I can.","","","","",""
3085,"Hallowed Tablet","Ah, while you were gone a tablet came for you, $N.$B$BRead it when you have time. If I'm not mistaken, it came from the priest trainer Ken'jai. He would have words with you when you're ready.","Read the Hallowed Tablet and speak to Ken'jai outside the Den in the Valley of Trials.","As ya test yeself, ya'll find ya have better an' better control o'er da spirits--ya'll be callin' on dem fer greata an' greata tings... dat's where ol' Ken'jai come in. You come talk to ole Ken'jai when ya feel yer ready. If da spirits agree, den we see 'bout teachin' ya more powerful abilities... but only if da spirits agree.$B$BGo now, talk to da rest of da Valley's people. Speak to me again later.","","","","",""
3086,"Glyphic Tablet","Ah, while you were gone a tablet came for you, $N.$B$BRead it when you have time. If I'm not mistaken, it came from the mage trainer Mai'ah. She would have words with you when you're ready.","Read the Glyphic Tablet and speak with Mai'ah near the entrance to the Den in the Valley of Trials.","You be among da most powerful beings on da planet, $N... there no arguin' dat. And everyone know it... know it good, too!$B$BBut ya must be weary! 'cause it not orc, or elf, or dwarf dat you should be scared of... it be da tings you can'na see. Magic be powerful. Make you do tings you may not want to do. Make ya tink you more powerful then you really be. Be patient. Be smart.$B$BWhen ya tink you be ready for trainin', come back to Mai'ah. She teach you what you ready to learn, no problem.","","","","",""
3087,"Etched Parchment","Ah, while you were gone a parchment came for you, $N.$B$BRead it when you have time. If I'm not mistaken, it came from the hunter trainer Jen'shan. She would have words with you when you're ready.","Read the Etched Parchment and speak to Jen'shan in the Valley of Trials.","When we finish speakin', you should talk to da rest of da citizens in da Valley. They ask you to do tings for them... tings that will test your skill and teach you some of da dangers of this land.$B$BAs you grow in experience and wisdom, you be needin' Jen'shan to show you better techniques and skills. Come back to Jen'shan often. I will let you know what I can teach you.","","","","",""
3088,"Encrypted Parchment","Ah, while you were gone a parchment came for you, $N.$B$BRead it when you have time. If I'm not mistaken, it came from the rogue trainer Rwag. He would have words with you when you're ready.","Read the Encrypted Parchment and speak to Rwag in the Valley of Trials.","Now that you know where I'm holding up, I should let you know: the Shattered Hand's asked me to look out for you. They want me to train you and keep you informed of anything they might need. Even if you're not interested in helping them yet--which you'd be a fool not to be--I'll do what I can to train you... for a small fee. Come back to me anytime you think you're ready, and we'll see what you're ready to learn.","","","","",""
3089,"Rune-Inscribed Parchment","Ah, while you were gone a parchment came for you, $N.$B$BRead it when you have time. If I'm not mistaken, it came from the shaman trainer Shikrik. She would have words with you when you're ready.","Read the Rune-Inscribed Parchment and speak to Shikrik in the Valley of Trials.","You will be the conduit in which our ancestors communicate. You will have the power of the elements at your beck and call. Sundering your enemies will be child's play; healing your allies as easy as breathing. Keep these things in mind as you face new challenges, and come back to me as often as you'd like. I will remain here to teach you new spells and set you on the correct path when you are ready.","","","","",""
3090,"Tainted Parchment","Ah, while you were gone a parchment came for you, $N.$B$BI usually avoid dealing with warlocks if I can help it, but I think you should read it when you have time. If I'm not mistaken, it came from your newly-appointed trainer Nartok. He would have words with you when you're ready.","Read the Tainted Parchment and speak to Nartok inside the Den in the Valley of Trials.","And now you've joined our ranks also. Don't misunderstand, $N. Just because you have access to power that many will be jealous of, it does not mean you will be accepted easily. Thrall allows our kind into Orgrimmar because we are still his fellow kin--he cannot turn his back on us, or we would become as pathetic as the humans who enslaved him. My point is: be careful. You can be powerful, but if you are foolish, then you are as good dead.$b$bIf you need training in spells then return to me.","","","","",""
3091,"Simple Note","Just a moment ago a messenger was looking for you, $N. I believe she was sent by the warrior trainer Harutt. If this note is from Harutt, I wouldn't take long in reading it's contents.\
","Read the Simple Note and speak to Harutt Thunderhorn in Camp Narache.","Each of us plays a role in our tribe. Each of us must also go through all the same rites. Do not ever let your pride tell you otherwise.$B$BI remain here to train new warriors that seek the glory of battle and who follow the ways of our oldest ancestors. When you feel ready, come back to me and I will do what I can to train you further. Go with the tribe's blessing, $N.","","","","",""
3092,"Etched Note","Just a moment ago a messenger was looking for you, $N. I believe she was sent by the hunter trainer Lanka. If this note is from Lanka, I wouldn't take long in reading it's contents.\
","Read the Etched Note and speak to Lanka Farshot in Red Cloud Mesa.","And it is my job to make sure you are prepared by teaching you the basics of our profession--how to tame your pet, how to fire your rifle, and many other skills that will become necessary.$b$bHunters are a strong part of our tradition and history, $N. You would do well to remember how important you are to the tribe. You will be respected and revered if you serve our people well.","","","","",""
3093,"Rune-Inscribed Note","Just a moment ago a messenger was looking for you, $N. I believe she was sent by the shaman trainer Meela. If this note is from Meela, I wouldn't take long in reading it's contents.\
","Read the Rune-Inscribed Note and speak to Meela Dawnstrider in Camp Narache.","We will meet many times in the days to come. Each time you will hopefully leave my company a little more powerful... a little more prepared. Like the Eternal Flame, your spirit will burn bright and hot.$b$bGo now, $N. Go and test yourself. I will be here for you when you need.","","","","",""
3094,"Verdant Note","Just a moment ago a messenger was looking for you, $N. I believe she was sent by the druid trainer Gart. If this note is from Gart, I wouldn't take long in reading its contents.\
","Read the Verdant Note and speak to Gart Mistrunner in Camp Narache.","Though we share a common bond, do not expect much welcome from the night elves. Their pride still limits their sight, but that is none of our concern. The teachings of the Earthmother are all you must concern yourself with, and I will teach you what I know as you grow in wisdom.$B$BReturn to me often, $N. You will find that the Earthmother grants incredible abilities to those who are most dedicated.","","","","",""
3095,"Simple Scroll","Ah, while you were off dealing with the mindless Scourge, this scroll arrived for you. I would think it's some matter of importance as it seems it bears the seal of the warrior trainer Dannal. I would take some time to read it before heading out again.","Read the Simple Scroll and speak to Dannal Stern in Deathknell.","I will be here to train you as you grow in experience... find me as often as you like. I charge a minimal fee, but you'll find everything I can teach you to be worthwhile.$B$BGo now and test your skill. Many more things will become known to you as you gain experience, some of which I am unable to discuss with you here. Just know that Sylvanas will need warriors with your type of strength in the future. You will be the backbone of our salvation. Do not forget it.","","","","",""
3096,"Encrypted Scroll","Ah, while you were off dealing with the mindless Scourge, this scroll arrived for you. I would think it's some matter of importance as it seems it bears the seal of the rogue trainer David Trias. I would take some time to read it before heading out again.","Read the Encrypted Scroll and speak to David Trias in Deathknell.","I spend most of my time here in the inn keeping an eye out for new faces and just keeping tabs on up-and-coming prospects. Keep your nose clean and I'll do what I can to teach you a few things. Just come back to me whenever you want, and we'll see if you're ready for a new skill or two.","","","","",""
3097,"Hallowed Scroll","Ah, while you were off dealing with the mindless Scourge, this scroll arrived for you. I would think it's some matter of importance as it seems it bears the seal of the priest trainer Duesten. I would take some time to read it before heading out again.","Read the Hallowed Scroll and speak to Dark Cleric Duesten in the church in Deathknell.","There is only one thing you must know: we have survived through will alone. It is faith in ourselves that separates us from others, and with our powers, we will cause great change in all of Azeroth. The weak will come to lean on you. The lepers will call you Lord. And the ignorant will look to you for guidance. It is my duty to make sure you have the necessary tools so when the time comes, you are prepared. As you grow in experience, seek me out. I will teach you greater powers if you are ready.","","","","",""
3098,"Glyphic Scroll","Ah, while you were off dealing with the mindless Scourge, this scroll arrived for you. I would think it's some matter of importance as it seems it bears the seal of the mage trainer Isabella. I would take some time to read it before heading out again.","Read the Glyphic Scroll and speak to Isabella in the church in Deathknell.","You must return to me often if you are to become powerful enough to destroy those who would oppose us. The rules of magic still apply to you, $N. You will still find corruption follows you like hungry wolves in the night. You will find its caress is not unlike an addiction, an old lover still wanting to be by your side. But these things can be staved off. These things will only control you if you allow them to.$b$bGo now, return to me when you've grown more powerful.","","","","",""
3099,"Tainted Scroll","Ah, while you were off dealing with the mindless Scourge, this scroll arrived for you. I would think it's some matter of importance as it seems it bears the seal of the warlock trainer Maximillion. I would take some time to read it before heading out again.","Read the Tainted Scroll and speak to Maximillion in Deathknell.","I mentioned a slave still being a slave, no matter the master. Do you remember? We both know that it is that type of control--that type of power--that now drives us. We seek to have creatures serve us. We know we are more powerful and deserve more respect than others give us ... and so now we look to take it.$b$bI will be your ally in this struggle--the struggle for our own freedom. Freedom to seek our own allegiances. When you feel ready, return to me and I will teach you all I know.","","","","",""
3100,"Simple Letter","I was asked to bring this to your attention as soon as you returned from the kobold camps, $N. It appears to be a letter sealed with the insignia of Llane, our local warrior trainer. I wouldn't hesitate to read it before you go about any other business here in the Abbey.","Read the Simple Letter and speak to Llane Beshere in Northshire Abbey.","Get yourself squared away, learn the layout of the land, and come back to me whenever you need training. I'll be here night or day.$B$BThe Knights of the Silver Hand have done well in making this place fairly safe, but as you meet the other citizens, I think you'll find they all have problems they could use some help with - help a $C can give them. Good luck.","","","","",""
3101,"Consecrated Letter","I was asked to bring this to your attention as soon as you returned from the kobold camps, $N. It appears to be a letter sealed with the insignia of Brother Sammuel, our local paladin trainer. I wouldn't hesitate to read it before you go about any other business here in the Abbey.","Read the Consecrated Letter and speak to Brother Sammuel in Northshire Abbey.","In the meantime, you should know one or two other things. You are a symbol to many here in this land--act accordingly. The Holy Light shines within you, and it will be obvious to both your allies and your enemies.$B$BAlso, as you gain in wisdom and power, you will need to train to learn new abilities. That's where I come in. When you feel you've gained some experience here in Northshire, come back to me and I will teach you what I feel you are ready to learn. Good luck... $c!","","","","",""
3102,"Encrypted Letter","I was asked to bring this to your attention as soon as you returned from the kobold camps, $N. It appears to be a letter sealed with the insignia of Jorik, one of our local trainers. I wouldn't hesitate to read it before you go about any other business here in the Abbey.","Read the Encrypted Letter and speak to Jorik Kerridan in the stable behind Northshire Abbey.","You're gonna find that there a number of outfits that'll covet our skills, $N. Adventurers, SI:7... heck, even the Defias Brotherhood wouldn't mind a spy or two inside Stormwind. But you remember this, you're your own man. Don't let nobody bully you into doing something you don't wanna do! Besides, we hold all the cards... at least, we do before the game's done. Know what I mean?$b$bAnyway, just wanted to introduce myself and let you know that I'm here if you need any training. Come by anytime.","","","","",""
3103,"Hallowed Letter","I was asked to bring this to your attention as soon as you returned from the kobold camps, $N. It appears to be a letter sealed with the insignia of Priestess Anetta, our local priest trainer. I wouldn't hesitate to read it before you go about any other business here in the Abbey.","Read the Hallowed Letter and speak to Priestess Anetta in Northshire Abbey.","As you grow in experience, return to me and I will do what I can to impart my knowledge upon you. Until then, go with compassion in your heart, and let wisdom be your guide. Remember, the world only becomes a better place if you make it so.","","","","",""
3104,"Glyphic Letter","I was asked to bring this to your attention as soon as you returned from the kobold camps, $N. It appears to be a letter sealed with the insignia of Khelden, our local mage trainer. I wouldn't hesitate to read it before you go about any other business here in the Abbey.","Read the Glyphic Letter and speak to Khelden Bremen inside Northshire Abbey.","Haha, I knew my note would not dissuade you from your path. So, you're prepared then, are you? Prepared to accept your fate? Prepared to challenge the gods and any other forces that stand before you in the pursuit of knowledge and power?$B$BI will not lie, $N, you will be feared as much as respected. But also know this, I will be here for you when you need training. Simply seek me out as you grow more powerful.","","","","",""
3105,"Tainted Letter","I was asked to bring this to your attention as soon as you returned from the kobold camps, $N. It appears to be a letter sealed with the insignia of Drusilla, one of our local trainers. I wouldn't hesitate to read it before you go about any other business here in the Abbey.","Read the Tainted Letter and speak to Drusilla La Salle next to Northshire Abbey.","As you grow in power, you will be tempted--you must always remember to control yourself. I will not lie--corruption can come to any practitioner of the arcane; especially one who deals with creatures from the Twisting Nether. Be patient, and be prudent... but do not let that repress your ambition.$B$BAs you grow more powerful, return to me and I will teach you more about our ways.","","","","",""
3106,"Simple Rune","While you were helping me out, this rune was given to me to pass on to you. Take some time to read it when you have a chance. I'm thinkin' it came from the warrior trainer Thran. Take a gander at it and go find him inside Anvilmar when you've a chance.","Read the Simple Rune and speak to Thran Khorman in Coldridge Valley.","Other things you'll probably see too, just so yer in the know: dwarves usin' magic in a fight 'stead of a rifle. Some of us takin' to worshippin' the Holy Light like some of the humans, and, last but not least, troggs. You'll learn more 'bout them later, but What you need to know now is that I'm here to help ya.$b$bI be here to teach ya how to be a real $C. Anytime ya think ya need more trainin', come back to me and I'll see what I can do.","","","","",""
3107,"Consecrated Rune","While you were helping me out, this rune was given to me to pass on to you. Take some time to read it when you have a chance. I'm thinkin' it came from the paladin trainer Bromos. Take a gander at it and go find him inside Anvilmar when you've a chance.","Read the Consecrated Rune and speak to Bromos Grummner in Coldridge Valley.","The humans have taught us a great deal about the Holy Light and how important their order is to them... and to protecting all of Azeroth. We have a great respect for how stepped in tradition it is, and how just one figure, one sacrifice, can make the difference between pain and salvation.$B$BThe two of us are gonna be working together for a bit. Any time you think you're ready, come back to me and we'll see about getting you some training. Can't have you go out into the world unprepared, now, can we?","","","","",""
3108,"Etched Rune","While you were helping me out, this rune was given to me to pass on to you. Take some time to read it when you have a chance. I'm thinkin' it came from the hunter trainer Thorgas. Take a gander at it and go find him inside Anvilmar when you've a chance.","Read the Etched Rune and speak to Thorgas Grimson in Coldridge Valley.","One thing you should always remember is that you gotta respect the world you're livin' in. The beasts that choose to fight along side you; the shine of your weapon; the weight of your ammo; the bite of a bitter wind; all these things you need to know intimately.$B$BI'll do what I can to help you, but most of the work's up to you. Anytime you think you're ready, come back and talk to me. I'll train you when I can.","","","","",""
3109,"Encrypted Rune","While you were helping me out, this rune was given to me to pass on to you. Take some time to read it when you have a chance. I'm thinkin' it came from the rogue trainer Solm. Take a gander at it and go find him inside Anvilmar when you've a chance.","Read the Encrypted Rune and speak to Solm Hargrin in Coldridge Valley.","Anyway, as you start peekin' around Coldridge you'll probably have need of training at some point. You just come back to me whenever you feel you need it and I'll teach you what I know--a trick here, a maneuver there. You know, the stuff that keeps you alive and makin' a little extra coin.$B$BKeep an eye out on our gnomish friends too... they kinda got the short end of the stick what with Gnomeregan being... destroyed. They'll need our help to feel welcome.","","","","",""
3110,"Hallowed Rune","While you were helping me out, this rune was given to me to pass on to you. Take some time to read it when you have a chance. I'm thinkin' it came from the priest trainer Branstock. Take a gander at it and go find him inside Anvilmar when you've a chance.","Read the Hallowed Rune and speak to Branstock Khalder in Anvilmar.","I'm the one who can train ya as you start to find your way around Coldridge Valley. When ya feel yer ready, come back to me and we'll see about maybe teaching you a new spell or two to fend off the valley from them blasted troggs.$B$BYa got the Light on yer side, along with all of Ironforge, $N... no pressure on ya to become somethin' special.","","","","",""
3111,"Glyphic Rune","Long ago high elves taught us the secrets of magic along with our human allies. They preached to us about rules and how magic can make ya go mad! But don't believe it. We're not like the elves; we don't have the same weaknesses. Just keep yourself on the right path and you'll find magic is as powerful a tool as it is a weapon.$B$BWhen you're ready, come find me inside Anvilmar. I'll be waiting for ya!$B$B- Marrek Stromnur, Mage Trainer","Speak to Marrek Stromnur inside Anvilmar.",\N,\N,\N,\N,\N,\N
3112,"Simple Memorandum","While you were helping me out, this memorandum was given to me to pass on to you. Take some time to read it when you have a chance. I'm thinkin' it came from the warrior trainer Thran. Take a gander at it and go find him inside Anvilmar when you've a chance.","Read the Simple Memorandum and speak to Thran Khorman in Coldridge Valley.","Well, seein' how this is your prime directive, or whatever yer callin' it these days, I gave my word I'd do whatever I can to make sure you and yours were ready to take back your home... and that's just what I'm gonna do.$B$BAny time you feel yer ready, come back to good ol' Thran and I'll be happy to share my knowledge wit ya. There's some cost to me trainin' ya, but it won't be too expensive. Good luck.","","","","",""
3113,"Encrypted Memorandum","While you were helping me out, this memorandum was given to me to pass on to you. Take some time to read it when you have a chance. I'm thinkin' it came from the rogue trainer Solm. Take a gander at it and go find him inside Anvilmar when you've a chance.","Read the Encrypted Memorandum and speak to Solm Hargrin in Coldridge Valley.","I pretty much keep to myself around here so we don't get a bad rap for things gone missing, but if you need anything, some training or somethin', just come back anytime.$B$BYou and me got an understandin'. We know when it comes down to it you can only trust family... and that's just what we got going on here, isn't it? Regardless of Gnomeregan being... overrun, and whatever else is thrown our way, we got one another to back each other up. Right?","","","","",""
3114,"Glyphic Memorandum","While you were helping me out, this memorandum was given to me to pass on to you. Take some time to read it when you have a chance. I'm thinkin' it came from the mage trainer Marryk. Take a gander at it and go find him inside Anvilmar when you've a chance.","Read the Glyphic Memorandum and speak to Marryk Nurribit inside Anvilmar above Coldridge Valley.","Oh, yeah! Arcane Arts... of course.$b$bHere's what you need to know, $N: Don't get into too much trouble. Save some coin to buy me an ale... or any spells ya might want. And stay the heck away from Gnomeregan. Other than that, have a good day! I'll be here if you need me or want to train... or whatever.","","","","",""
3115,"Tainted Memorandum","While you were helping me out, this memorandum was given to me to pass on to you. Take some time to read it when you have a chance. I'm thinkin' it came from the warlock trainer Alamar. Take a gander at it and go find him inside Anvilmar when you've a chance.$B$BAnd watch yerself, $N, your kind ain't too trusted 'round these parts.","Read the Tainted Memorandum and speak to Alamar Grimm inside Anvilmar above Coldridge Valley.","But none of that matters. What matters is that you've seen your own Holy Light! You know where power truly comes from. You realize that having our own allies is much more... prudent. Special allies. Allies that, no matter the task, will obey till their last breath.$b$bAnd that's where I come in, $N. I can train you in the beginnings of those special powers. Seek me out often and I will do what I can to teach you more spells.","","","","",""
3116,"Simple Sigil","I hope my sigil finds you well, $c. I write to you because our people have need for those strong with the blade, the glaive, and all other weapons. So much has happened since our people have been reintroduced to the other races of Azeroth that we have an even greater need for protectors of all kinds.$B$BThis is where you come in. I would tell you more, but I feel it should be in person. Find me inside Aldrassil... on the lower levels.$B$B-Alyissia, Warrior Trainer","Speak to Alyissia in Shadowglen.","Soon you will see others from different races in the boughs of our home--do not let it cause any prejudice within you. They are welcome. They will aid us when they can. Not all of them will be altruistic, but they should be granted some amount of trust.$b$bBut none of this matters now. Now we must focus on you, and how you can aid our people. I am here for that very purpose. I will train you in the ways of a $C as you become stronger. Return to me whenever you wish and I will do what I can to aid you.","","","","",""
3117,"Etched Sigil","This sigil was given to me by a messenger from our hunter trainer, Ayanna. It seems Ayanna would have words with you when you have a moment. Read it and bring it to her afterwards.","Read the Etched Sigil and speak to Ayanna Everstride at the top of Aldrassil in Shadowglen.","As you experience what Shadowglen has to teach you, come see me--I will be able to help you understand more about your role as a hunter and what you are capable of.$B$BThese are dangerous times, $N, do not take for granted the skill of your pets--there are things in this world more dangerous than you can imagine. Go with Elune and return to me again.","","","","",""
3118,"Encrypted Sigil","This sigil was given to me by a messenger from our rogue trainer, Frahun. It seems Frahun would have words with you when you have a moment. Read it and bring it to him afterwards.","Read the Encrypted Sigil and speak to Frahun Shadewhisper in Shadowglen.","Until then, know that our kind are needed more than ever in this tenuous time. Peace with the other races can fail at any moment, and there is much talk about members of the Horde looking to sow even greater seeds of distrust. Remember that.$b$bAs you gain in power and feel more prepared, come back to me here and I will see about getting you some training. It's important that you know how to handle your weapon of choice, among other things.","","","","",""
3119,"Hallowed Sigil","This sigil was given to me by a messenger from our priest trainer, Shanda. It seems Shanda would have words with you when you have a moment. Read it and bring it to her afterwards.","Read the Hallowed Sigil and speak to Shanda in Aldrassil.","Do not concern yourself with the world below Teldrassil for now. There will be time for that later. Go now and speak to the others in Shadowglen--they can tell you more about what events have transpired. Help them in any way you can, and anytime you feel you need more training, come back to me and I will teach you what I can.","","","","",""
3120,"Verdant Sigil","This sigil was given to me by a messenger from our druid trainer, Mardant. It seems Mardant would have words with you when you have a moment. Read it and bring it to him afterwards.","Read the Verdant Sigil and speak to Mardant Strongoak, in the tree Aldrassil in Shadowglen.","I will be your mentor and guide for now. It is my duty to teach you how to interpret not only what the spirits communicate to us, but also the complexities and secrets of the Emerald Dream.$b$bAs you learn and grow in power, you will learn more of our sleeping trance. But until then, return to me as often as you like and I will teach you what I can in the ways of our kind.","","","","",""
3121,"A Strange Request","Neeru Fireblade in Orgrimmar has what I need to get started here! He has mixed up a concoction that I need for my... well, you'll see.$B$BOff with you now -- to Orgrimmar. Here, take this with you. It's a shrunken head that I promised Neeru in exchange for the herbs. It's the head of some poor dwarf I ventured across in the forest. I'm sure Neeru will be pleased.$B$BYou'll find Neeru in the Cleft of Shadow.","Take the Shrunken Head to Neeru Fireblade in Orgrimmar.","I have been waiting for Uzer'i to deliver this...$B$BLet me give you the herb mixture I prepared for his... well, experiments...","","","","",""
3122,"Return to Witch Doctor Uzer'i","Here are the herbs, $N. Take them to Witch Doctor Uzer'i.$B$BPlease let him know that I am satisfied with the shrunken head.","Deliver Neeru's Herb Pouch to Witch Doctor Uzer'i in Feralas.","This is just what I need to prepare the muisek vessel, $N.  Soon we will see if my latest incantations prove to be as powerful as I had hoped.$B$BPlease, a moment. I must perform the ritual and apply the herbs.","","","","",""
3123,"Testing the Vessel","This will be a test; both of the ritual I performed, and of your abilities. Take this vessel, $N. With it, you will have the power to shrink and capture a creature inside of it.$B$BTravel to the Hinterlands and look for creatures known as Wildkin that were once pets of the night elf goddess Elune. The vicious, primitive, or savage owlbeasts are your targets, $N. Kill 10, and use the muisek vessel to shrink and capture them before their spirits can escape.","Travel to the Hinterlands, and locate the Wildkin. Kill 10, and use the Muisek Vessel to shrink and capture the fallen Wildkin.$B$BBring 10 Wildkin Muiseks and the Muisek Vessel to Witch Doctor Uzer'i in Feralas.","Upon a violent death, the muisek of a creature may escape and seek revenge. Shrinking the creatures, as you did, $N, prevents the muisek from escaping. Now we may use it as we please!","","","","",""
3124,"Hippogryph Muisek","Since you have proven that you are both trustworthy and gifted with the ability to use the muisek vessel, I now wish you to capture another creature.$B$BHippogryphs have been loyal companions to the night elves for many years; their spirits are loyal and steadfast.$B$BYour task is to kill 10 frayfeather hippogryphs, and quickly, shrink and capture them with the vessel, so that their muisek may be preserved. You will find the hippogryphs in the High Wilderness, to the south of here. ","Kill 10 Frayfeather Hippogryphs of any type, then use the Muisek Vessel to shrink and capture them.","After killing an animal, if we allowed the muisek to escape, it may take the form of an even greater creature. We would never be safe from its vengeance.$B$BThis is a dangerous job I have given you, $N. Again, you have completed it well.","","","","",""
3125,"Faerie Dragon Muisek","$N, next I must have you capture a creature that in appearance, may look quite fragile, yet its powerful spirit is what we are truly after. The faerie dragons that I speak of have served the night elves as their allies. We must capture one so that the horde may benefit from this strength of spirit as well.$B$BHere is the muisek, $N. Kill 8 sprite darters or sprite dragons, and capture their muisek. They may be found to the west of here.","Kill 8 Sprite Darters or Sprite Dragons. Use the Muisek Vessel to shrink and capture the fallen Faerie Dragons.","Thank you, $N. Now the spiritual powers of the faerie dragon will be available to us.$B$BI hope you willing to perform another task for me.","","","","",""
3126,"Treant Muisek","The wandering forest walkers that can be found meandering through the forest are our next target, $N. Night elves have enlisted treants as allies to fight against the horde. Their movement may be slow, but their role as protectors is undeniable.$B$BSoon we will be able to use this power for our own benefit.$B$BFind 3 wandering forest walkers; kill them, and use the muisek vessel to shrink and capture them.","Kill 3 Wandering Forest Walkers. Use the Muisek Vessel to shrink and capture the fallen Treants.","Thank you, $N. Our muisek collection is almost complete.","","","","",""
3127,"Mountain Giant Muisek","The last task I will require of you is to travel to the northwest and find the final enemy.$B$BThe mountain giants left the mountains to aid the night elves when the burning legion appeared in the world. You will know them by their massive size and the way the ground begins to shake as you travel along their rocky terrain.$B$BI am eager to harness power of that size. Kill 7 mountain giants, then use the muisek vessel to capture their powerful muisek.","Kill 7 Land Walkers or Cliff Giants. Use the Muisek Vessel to shrink and capture the fallen Mountain Giants.","Just imagine the possibilities of what we now possess, $N. Along with the materials that you have collected, I will be able to forever trap the muisek of these creatures into whatever I wish.","","","","",""
3128,"Natural Materials","I will need certain materials to complete my endeavor... You may do this alongside the other tasks I will give you.$B$BI'll need a splintered log from a treant of Feralas. Encrusted minerals, these can be found on the mountain giants and faerie dragons to the west. Also, find me some resilient sinew from the owlbeasts of the Hinterlands or hippogryphs of Feralas. Finally, I'll need a large amount of metallic fragments from any of these creatures I mentioned.","Bring 2 Splintered Logs, 6 Encrusted Minerals, 20 pieces of Resilient Sinew, and 40 Metallic Fragments to Witch Doctor Uzer'i in Camp Mojache.","Excellent! These materials, combined with the muisek, should yield just the results we've been wanting.","","","","",""
3129,"Weapons of Spirit","Imbuing the muisek into the weapons is a difficult process. Now that I have all of the required materials and the muisek of the creatures that you captured, I may begin. Please wait; I will return in a moment.","Witch Doctor Uzer'i wants you to wait for a moment while he prepares the weapons.","As promised, you have your choice, $N. The muisek of the creatures has been forever sealed into the power of these weapons.$B$BYou may now wield their energy as your own. Use it well.","","","","",""
3130,"Against the Hatecrest","At this point, I am going to direct you to my second, Latronicus.  He's been keeping a close eye on the naga forces to date.  I'll assess the general situation here in regards to the naga; as much as I want to commit a full force to move against them, leaving the stronghold open to direct attack from the Horde - or worse - seems less than optimal.$B$BAnyway, Latronicus awaits.  Good work thus far, $n.  Keep it up.$B$BYou're dismissed.","Report to Latronicus Moonspear in Feathermoon Stronghold.","Excellent, $N - I value a \"can do\" attitude in those who I work with.$B$BI've been tasked by General Feathermoon to address the naga in a direct manner.  My plans are two fold: one, we will weaken their forces both in number and in command, and two, we will uncover what they are up to in the ruins.  With your help, we'll counter the naga presence without sacrificing the general security of the stronghold.","","","","",""
3141,"Loramus","So you wish to battle demons? You would do well to listen to my tale. ","Listen to Loramus Thalipedes tell his story.","So be it...","Loramus' Story","","","",""
3161,"Gahz'ridian","$N, I'm a scientist, but also a treasure hunter at heart!$B$BLong ago, when trolls used to occupy this land, they created large amounts of ornaments modeled after Gahz'rilla, a hydra they worshipped as a deity. These ornaments are carved out of an element that I call \"Gahz'ridian,\" after the hydra god.$B$BI did find some myself, but I'd like to have some more to study -- maybe you can find some?$B$BI even invented a detector that makes finding the Gahz'ridian a snap! Just put it on, and the search begins! ","Marvon Rivetseeker in Tanaris wants you to collect 30 Gahz'ridian Ornaments.","Perfect; these ornaments are perfect for my studies. Thanks so much for the help, $N.$B$BOh, can I get my helmet back?","","","","",""
3181,"The Horn of the Beast","The gigantic horn has numerous scratches and cracks. An unusual metal object is lodged into the rough surface.$B$BUpon further examination, you notice that the metal is actually a broken axe head. On the metal, the following words are etched:$B$BProperty of Mountaineer Pebblebitty.$B$BWhen you try and dislodge the broken axe head, it shatters into a million pieces.$B$BWoops!","Take Margol's Gigantic Horn to Mountaineer Pebblebitty.\
","What have you got there? A fake obviously!$B$BI've been face to face with Margol and I know for a fact that her horn is at least eight times larger than the one you've got in your hands, $N. You probably got that off of a stormsnout in the Barrens. No $g sir:ma'am;, you can't fool Pebblebitty!","","","","",""
3182,"Proof of Deed","You expect me to believe a story like that? The real horn would have had my broken axe head still lodged into its surface.$B$BListen, take that obvious fake to Curator Thorius in Ironforge. If he can validate your claim, you will receive a proof of deed. Bring that proof back to me and I'll give you the key to the Searing Gorge.$B$BGet going! ","Take Margol's Gigantic Horn to Curator Thorius in Ironforge.","What's this?$B$BOh my, I don't believe it! Do you realize what you've got here, $r? This is the horn of Margol the Rager! Margol, the bane of every archaeologist that ever set foot in the Searing Gorge.$B$BMay I keep it?\
","","","","",""
3201,"At Last!","I can't believe Pebblebitty doubted the authenticity of the horn. Between you and me, I think she's just jealous. I know she really wanted to kill that beast herself, what with the 'incident' and all.$B$BSo you need a proof of deed? After the contribution you just made to the museum, it won't be a problem.$B$B<Curator Thorius begins to fill out a large document.>$B$BThere we go! You can take that back to Pebblebitty.","Take the Proof of Deed back to Mountaineer Pebblebitty.","I don't know how someone as weak as you overcame Margol, but a deal is a deal. Here is the key.$B$BIf anything happens to you after this, it will be your own fault.","","","","",""
3221,"Speak with Renferrel","While you were out helping our deathstalkers, Apothecary Renferrel sent you a summons.  He did not give me details, but he wanted to speak with you about the wolf hearts you had given him.","Speak with Apothecary Renferrel at the Sepulcher.","Ah, very good.  There is a matter regarding the wolf hearts you brought to me earlier that demands our attention.","","","","",""
3261,"Jorn Skyseer","Your time with me is over, $N.  To learn more, you must go to Camp Taurajo to the south and speak with Jorn Skyseer.  He will continue your guidance.","Speak with Jorn Skyseer at Camp Taurajo.","Greetings, young one.  You are here to walk the hunter's path?$B$BVery good.  Let us begin.","","","","",""
3281,"Stolen Silver","You may have killed the raptors, but the silver they stole must be recovered!  I have reports that the raptors have a large grouping of nests south of Ratchet, known as the Raptor Grounds.  It is likely that they brought our stolen silver there.$B$BGo to this raptor haven and search for the stolen silver.  When you find it, return it to me.","Bring the Stolen Silver to Gazrog in the Crossroads.","Aha!  So the raptors did hide the silver at their lair.  It's hard to believe these beasts would have the desire for silver.  Perhaps the stories of their intelligence are not as far from the mark as I thought!$B$BThank you, $N.  Take this as a reward for your service to us, and know that the guards of the crossroads owe their next month's pay to you.","","","","",""
3301,"Mura Runetotem","My clanmate, Mura Runetotem, traveled to Silverpine so that she might aid our undead allies.  Silverpine is an ailing forest, a dying forest, and it was Mura's hope to bring it new life.  Perhaps the strange life found here in the Barrens can help her work in Silverpine.$B$BTake a sample of the shells you gathered, and bring it to Mura in Silverpine.  She is staying at the Sepulcher.  With luck, studying the shell will give her the insight she needs to heal that dying place.","Speak with Mura Runetotem in the Sepulcher.","Ah, what is this? This shell has an inner glow, as if it still pulses with life. Amazing! I must study it further.$B$BThank you, $N. With luck, this shell will hold a secret I can use to aid the poor land of Silverpine.","","","","",""
3321,"Did You Lose This?","You have done much for the Order, $N. The sheer dedication it takes to get this far would have turned away any ordinary person. There is no doubt in my mind, or in the mind of Galvan, that you are one of us.$B$BWhich is why I think you deserve a little reward. It is nothing really, just a trinket. You may be familiar with its properties, as I do believe it is what brought you to us in the first place.","Wait for Trenton to finish his work.","Rise and be recognized, $N, blacksmith of the Mithril Order.","Watch Trenton Work","","","",""
3341,"Bring the End","In the Barrens lies a horrid mess of tangled vines called Razorfen Downs. While our first observations of this place revealed little threat, our recent findings are much more serious...$B$BThe quilboar of Razorfen Downs have aligned themselves with the Scourge. A Lich named Amnennar the Coldbringer rules them now, using the power of his massive consciousness to control their every move.$B$BAmnennar has a direct telepathic link to Ner'zhul; we must sever this bond, $N. An end must come to the Coldbringer.","Andrew Brownell wants you to kill Amnennar the Coldbringer and return his skull.","The loyalty of a Lich is unswerving, $N. Let them know that such loyalty will only bring them destruction.","","","","",""
3361,"A Refugee's Quandary","We drove the troggs out of Gnomeregan, but then it all went so horribly wrong!  Now our home is completely irradiated, and we gnomes have been scattered all over Dun Morogh.$B$BIn my haste to get away from the radiation, I lost all my personal belongings and tools.  It was the trolls that got them.  They stole my chest, my box, and my bucket of bolts!  They took them back to their camps southwest of Anvilmar.$B$BI'm no adventurer - could you find my things and bring them here to me, please?","Bring Felix's Box, Felix's Chest and Felix's Bucket of Bolts to Felix Whindlebolt in Anvilmar.","Huzzah, you've found them!  You're an absolute savior, my friend.  Here, it's not much, but it's something for the trouble I've put you through!  Thank you!","","","","",""
3362,"Thistleshrub Valley","Have you ever seen Thistleshrub Valley? It's a mighty dangerous place, $N.$B$BThose strange beasts there, I don't trust them for a minute! Gnarled thistleshrubs and thistleshrub rootshapers, that's what I think they were called...$B$BAnyhow, I want to get into the valley, but with so many of those thistleshrubs around, there's no way I'm going back there. But here's where you come in -- if you clear some of them out, I just might think about going back. What do you think, $N? Help me out?","Tran'rek in Gadgetzan wants you to kill 8 Gnarled Thistleshrubs and 8 Thistleshrub Rootshapers.","They're that big? I might have to rethink my plan...$B$BBut you did hold up your end of the bargain, so here's what I promised.","","","","",""
3363,"Corrupted Songflower","","","You apply some Cenarion plant salve to the songflower. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
3364,"Scalding Mornbrew Delivery","Gah!  I was supposed to get this delicious scalding mornbrew to Durnan Furcutter inside Anvilmar a while ago now, but I had to deliver one to Grelin here first.  I'll never make it to Anvilmar before the brew runs cold!$B$BYou look fast.  Maybe you can make it.  This cup will only stay hot for five more minutes, and Durnan didn't order \"chilly\" mornbrew, so get going.  Anvilmar is to the northeast, a settlement dug into the mountain.$B$BThanks, $N, and don't forget to bring me back my mug!","Take a Scalding Mornbrew to Durnan Furcutter inside Anvilmar before it gets cold in five minutes!","Ah good, now this will hit the spot.  Allow me to take a small break while I enjoy this scalding mornbrew!","","","","",""
3365,"Bring Back the Mug","Now that hit the spot!  Nothing like a piping hot - nay, SCALDING mornbrew on a cold winter's day to warm your cackles of yer soul.$B$BHere ya go $N - be a pal and take this empty mug back to Nori for me, would ya now.","Return Nori's Mug to Nori Pridedrift.","Excellent, $N!  You'd be surprised how many couriers I meet who forget to do something as simple as bring back the mug.  Mugs don't grow on trees, or so they tell me!$B$BHere's a little something for the effort.  Thanks again for your help.","","","","",""
3366,"The Glowing Shard","The shard is a brilliant green, and although solid, what looks like smoke swirls just below the surface. You can't help staring into the depths of the crystal; at the same time, you know there is something very disturbing about it.$B$BMaybe you should see if anyone in Ratchet can tell you more about this strange shard.","Find someone that can tell you more about the Nightmare Shard.",\N,"Speak with someone about the Nightmare Shard","","","",""
3367,"Suntara Stones","<Dorius groans.>$B$BI'm badly injured, $r. Feel... light headed... World spinning... Bleeding... internally.$B$BI must get back to Ironforge. Help me, $N.\
","Help Dorius get back to Ironforge.\
","This letter was dropped by Dorius when he was shot.\
","Dorius Escort","","","",""
3368,"Suntara Stones","Brother,$B$BIf you are reading this letter, I am no more. How it got to you, I do not know, but thank and reward the ones responsible.$B$BAbout the stones: They exist and the Dark Irons have them in their possession. Their leader, Lathoric the Black, is using the power of the stones to enslave my excavation team. They were taken to the cauldron. Their minds are twisted, working night and day to complete something called Obsidion.$B$BHelp them, brother. It is the final wish of a dead man.$B$B-Dorius\
","Take the Singed Letter to Thorius in Ironforge. He is in the Hall of Explorers.","<Thorius wipes his face dry.>$B$BIn the name of the Light, he will have his wish. This I vow.","","","","",""
3369,"In Nightmares","This shard holds great secrets; it is the pure essence of the Emerald Dream. However, what I see in this shard is not a dream; one would call this sort of a vision a nightmare.$B$BI do not wish to alarm you, $N, but I think it is best if you deliver this shard into the hands of a wise druid as soon as you can.$B$BHamuul Runetotem on Elder Rise is who you need to find. Head to Thunder Bluff. I cannot say more. ","Bring the Nightmare Shard to Hamuul Runetotem on Elder Rise.","Falla sent you to me? Well now, let's see that shard that you say she was so hesitant to talk about...$B$B<Hamuul peers into the shard>$B$BOh... I didn't... Well.$B$B$N, thank you for delivering this to me. It isn't wise to speak of things such as this, though, I advise you. These are matters that you should not concern yourself with.$B$BLet's just say that things in the Emerald Dream are not as we thought...$B$BPerhaps in the future, our paths may cross again.\
","","","","",""
3370,"In Nightmares","This shard holds great secrets; it is the pure essence of the Emerald Dream. However, what I see in this shard is not a dream; one would call this sort of a vision a nightmare.$B$BI do not wish to alarm you, $N, but I think it is best if you deliver this shard into the hands of a wise druid as soon as you can... $B$BMathrengyl Bearwalker in the Cenarion Circle is who you need to find. Head to Darnassus. I cannot say more.","Bring the Nightmare Shard to Mathrengyl Bearwalker in Darnassus.","Falla sent you to me? Well now, let's see that shard that you say she was so hesitant to talk about...$B$B<Mathrengyl peers into the shard>$B$BOh... I didn't... Well.$B$B$N, thank you for delivering this to me. It isn't wise to speak of things such as this, though, I advise you. These are matters that the Cenarion druids alone must attend to.$B$BLet's just say that things in the Emerald Dream are not as we thought...$B$BPerhaps in the future, our paths may cross again.","","","","",""
3371,"Dwarven Justice","There is an empty, vacuous hole, where my heart used to be, $N. The loss of Dorius is not one that I will soon recover from. I must see his final wish through - the perpetrators of this cold blooded murder must be brought to justice.$B$BReturn to the Searing Gorge and fulfill his last request: Free his men.","Return to the Searing Gorge and find Dorius's archaeology unit. ","Forget about me, help the others.","","","","",""
3372,"Release Them","Release them, $r. Even after their bodies give out, the power of the Suntara forces them to complete their tasks.$B$BThe altar of Suntara is the key. Go northwest; in the hills above the cave... Twilight's Hammer guard a relic. Retrieve it and place it on the altar of Suntara.$B$B<The dying archaeologist collapses.>","Find the Mysterious Artifact being guarded by the Twilight's Hammer Idolaters in the northwest quadrant of the Searing Gorge.\
","You place the mysterious artifact on the altar of Suntara.","","","","",""
3373,"The Essence of Eranikus","As you touch the gem, a deep voice resonates in your mind.$B$B\"Mortal, heed this plea.  I am Eranikus of the Green Dragonflight, keeper of this accursed temple.  My charge to ensure that the trolls never again bring forth their abomination of a god has for now ended in failure.  As I imbue this gem with part of my essence, I sense my grip on the Dream twisting into chaos.  Please - place this gem into the essence font in my lair, and let our magic there purge the taint from my psyche so that I may rest.\"","Place the Essence of Eranikus in the Essence Font located in this lair in the Sunken Temple.","You place the gem inside the essence font.$B$B\"Thank you mortal, you have - no... this, this cannot be! No!  The corruption of this accursed god even taints the sanctity of a Green Dragonflight essence font!  No please, I feel my essence ripping from me!  THE PAIN!  I feel the grip of an eternal nightmare taking hold on me...\"$B$B\"Mortal, I implore you!  Find one of the Green Dragonflight to stop this... help me... I am chained in darkness... forever in agony... please do not torture...\"","","","","",""
3374,"The Essence of Eranikus","You engage the Oathstone, and Itharius speaks directly to your mind through the stone.$B$B\"By accepting the charge placed in this Oathstone, you agree to aid my cause and the cause of Ysera's Dragonflight in redeeming the corrupted soul of Eranikus.  The first sacrifice, one of many you and I will no doubt make, will be to relinquish the gem to me that has chained what free-willed part of Eranikus' psyche remains.\"$B$B\"Do this $N, and we will work together to redeem a soul worthy of redemption.\"","Bring the Oathstone of Ysera's Dragonflight and the Chained Essence of Eranikus to Itharius in the Swamp of Sorrows.  It is there that you will make your choice to aid Ysera's Dragonflight or not.","You have made your choice, and so it begins. Your choices have been, to date, what I would consider to be the correct ones; your actions and deeds henceforth will determine whether this is to continue.","","","","",""
3375,"Replacement Phial","Um... you need another phial of scrying?  You're kidding, right?  What did you do with the first one?!  We have a lot of work ahead of us here, $r.  Those phials don't grow on trees!  Actually, I wish they did, because I'd go there and pick one off since I don't have another one!!$B$Bin order to make you one, I need the following: a mana potion, a piece of coal, and some sweet nectar.  Don't ask why, just bring me what I ask and I'll make you a new one.","Bring a Mana Potion, Coal, and Sweet Nectar to Talvash del Kissel in Ironforge to get a replacement for Talvash's Phial of Scrying.","The mighty adventurer delivers. Hooray for me. By the way, I lied - I had another phial. Ungh, take it.$B$BWell, what did you expect?! \"Oh, here, have another one! I'm just some goofball who has nothing better to do than hand out magical communication devices to adventurers!\" Rest assured though, what you have given to me will be enough make you another phial when you lose that too.$B$BPlease prove me wrong and don't lose the new one, okay?","","","","",""
3376,"Break Sharptusk!","$N - I have heard of you, newcomer.  Perhaps it is you that will help us, where others have failed.$B$BWe tauren have carved a home out of this land, but not without a cost.  The Bristleback quilboars of Brambleblade Ravine, led by Chief Sharptusk Thornmantle, have made our lives difficult with their continued war against us.  I charge you to bring me the chief's head!$B$BHe will be found in the ravine to the east in their makeshift village.","Bring the head of Chief Sharptusk Thornmantle to Brave Windfeather in Red Cloud Mesa.","Justice has been served on this day by your swift actions, $N.  Let this deed serve as a warning to all who would threaten our home.$B$BYou have earned this reward to help you on your sojourn, young $c.","","","","",""
3377,"Prayer to Elune","Will you assist me, mortal? Hear my tale.","Hear Zamael tell his tale.","I have accepted my fate here in this cage, but the prayer must be found.\
","Zamael Story","","","",""
3378,"Prayer to Elune","Will you assist me, mortal? Will you find the prayer to Elune?$B$BAs I stated, the prayer was etched onto a golden tablet. One of these idol worshipping scoundrels must have it on their person.$B$BIf you do recover my prayer, take it to Astarii Starseeker in Darnassus. It matters little that my faith has been rekindled after the countless malevolent actions that I have taken against this world and its inhabitants, but my prayer must be heard. Absolution is the last thing I expect.","Find the Prayer to Elune and take it to Astarii Starseeker in Darnassus.\
","Elune smiles upon you this eve, $N. You have returned a lost soul to her. Please accept this as a token of our gratitude.","","","","",""
3379,"Shadoweaver","The spiders of the Searing Gorge are an invaluable source of shadow silk. As you know, shadow silk is highly sought after by the artisans of our trade.$B$BRecently, a group of poachers has encroached upon these lands, carelessly slaying spiders en masse without so much as a thought as to the long term effect of their actions. The first task I ask of you, then, is a simple one: Find them... and end them.$B$BBegin your search to the north.$B$BIf you require assistance, speak with Raze.","Kill the group of Shadow Silk Poachers that wander the Searing Gorge. Nilith has reason to believe that there are five of them that need to be exterminated. Return to Nilith in the Searing Gorge when this task is complete.\
","Excellent work, $N.$B$BI am sure that this is a piece of shadoweave that you have not yet seen.","","","","",""
3380,"The Sunken Temple","There are restless spirits in this world, $N. There are spirits that have been tainted by their isolation, bound to an ancient evil...$B$BI have heard of a place that lies deep below the surface of the earth -- banished there by powers greater than I have ever seen.$B$BIf you wish to learn more of this place; the Sunken Temple, seek out a goblin named Marvon Rivetseeker. He has studied many ancient areas of the world, and was last known to have left his home in Ratchet to study the troll ruins in Tanaris.","Find Marvon Rivetseeker in Tanaris.","Yes, the Sunken Temple, I can say that I have seen it with my own eyes. Perhaps you'd like to hear more about it?$B$BYou look like the adventurous type -- I know things that may intrigue you...","","","","",""
3381,"A Meeting with the Master","Ah, a young $r come to speak to Sanath. What a wonderful day! I am so honored to have you grace me with your presence. Thank you!$B$BPlease... do not be so arrogant to assume my sarcasm was a compliment. Let us get one thing straight: I don't like you. But this little conversation doesn't have anything to do with us--it has to do with my master.$B$BBring me a couple hippogryph feathers for my arrows and I'll give you leave to see him. He's asked that I send adventurers to him if they proved worthy enough.","Bring 2 Undamaged Hippogryph Feathers to Sanath Lim-yo in Azshara if you wish to speak to his master.","Two feathers, just as I asked. And not bad ones at all.$b$bReady then? Just say the word and you're on your way.$b$bOh, and once again, mind yourself... my master doesn't take kindly to imbeciles, but he is very generous to those that please him.","","","","",""
3382,"A Crew Under Fire","We were just off the coast looking for a safe haven to make anchor. The sun hadn't been down for more than an hour when they attacked... those damned naga!$B$BI'm not sure what they were looking for, but it's clear they didn't find it--they've already come back once. A couple of my scouts are on watch at the entrance of the valley to give us fair warning when the next attack comes.$B$BI'm sorry you've come along now, $N, but it's out of my hands.$B$BAre you ready for the fight of your life?","Defend Captain Vanessa Beltis, her crew and the Horizon Scout's passengers against the naga attack. Captain Vanessa Beltis must survive.","You've done it! Thank you! Surely this was one of the most brutal battles I've ever taken part in. I can't thank you enough.$B$BI only wish more of my crew could have lived through this trial.$B$BI would ask you to speak to any surviving passengers from the Horizon Scout. Some of them had business in the area, and may have a request or two of you if you're willing. Again, thank you for all your help.","Protect Captain Vanessa Beltis from the naga attack","","","",""
3385,"The Undermarket","They call themselves the Undermarket: Cutthroat traders that will sell, move, trade and do just about anything for the right price.$B$BIt gets worse, $N. They have set up a base of operations here in the Searing Gorge. Trade Master Kovic is heading up the operation and has close ties with the Dark Iron dwarves of the region.$B$BWe must strike hard and send a message to their leadership. Slay Trade Master Kovic and his minion Clunk. Bring back his trader's satchel when the job is done.$B$BTo the Cauldron!","Slay Trade Master Kovic and his minion Clunk. Retrieve the Trader's Satchel from his corpse and return it to Nilith.\
","You have struck a decisive blow against the Undermarket. Their leaders will think twice before sending more cronies into the gorge.$b$bOh, and I also found nothing of use in the trader's satchel. You may keep whatever you find inside.","","","","",""
3402,"The Undermarket","I want you to personally deliver the news of Kovic's defeat to Vizzklick in Gadgetzan. He will be so happy to hear that Kovic is dead that I'm certain he'll give you some grand reward.","Speak with Vizzklick in Gadgetzan.\
","Kovic slain??! This is a glorious day, $N! For years that scoundrel has been running shady undermarket trades, undercutting honest, hard working traders all over the world.$b$bYou deserve a fine reward for this accomplishment! And a fine reward you shall have!$b$b","","","","",""
3421,"Return Trip","","","I will return you to Sanath's camp now.$B$BDo not mind his bad manners--he is rude to everyone save for the master. Perhaps he shall learn his lesson one day.","","","","",""
3441,"Divine Retribution","Hear my tale, adventurer.","Listen as Kalaran Windblade tells his story.","Have you heard enough? Are you prepared to act?\
","Kalaran Story","","","",""
3442,"The Flawless Flame","You have made the right decision, $N.$B$BWe must strike where we will do the most damage: the four sentry towers.$B$BWith the four towers in flames, we can initiate an offensive before they have time to react.$B$BYou will need the proper tool to set the towers ablaze. To make the tool requires some materials.$B$BBring me four hearts of flame and four golem oil and I shall craft the torch of flawless flame.$B$BThe golems and elementals in these lands should be your first target.","Collect 4 Hearts of Flame and 4 globes of Golem Oil and return the items to Kalaran Windblade.","Well done, $N. We are almost ready.","","","","",""
3443,"Forging the Shaft","To hold the flawless flame, we will need a shaft and a casing. You must first find a suitable shaft.$B$BThe Dark Iron taskmasters and slavers of the cauldron use weapons of enchanted thorium, an extremely sturdy alloy. If you bring me eight thorium plated daggers, I can break the alloy down and reforge a shaft.\
","Bring 8 Thorium Plated Daggers to Kalaran Windblade.","You're an exceptional laborer, $N. Have you ever considered a change of vocation? Perhaps a detective? Junk collector? Oh, I know, one of those silly gnomes that crawl across the beaches of Azeroth with their metal detecting contraptions, looking for lost treasure. Yes, that would be an ideal position for you.","","","","",""
3444,"The Stone Circle","I once entered the foreboding chambers of the Sunken Temple. The evil in that place penetrates all that enter; I barely managed to find my way out, wading through the ooze that now covers the floors. All I can remember is stumbling through a large circular room, filled with serpent statues...$B$BRecently, I discovered a round stone that appeared to have the same serpent symbol imprinted on it. I had it packed up and shipped to my workshop in Ratchet. Retrieve it, and I might be able to tell you more.","Retrieve the Stone Circle from Marvon Rivetseeker's workshop in Ratchet.","Yes... This is the stone.$B$BIt's all coming back to me now, $N...","","","","",""
3445,"The Sunken Temple","I have heard of a place that lies deep below the surface of the earth -- banished there by powers greater than I have ever seen.$B$BIf you wish to learn more of this place; the Sunken Temple, seek out a goblin named Marvon Rivetseeker. Much like Troyas and I, he has studied many ancient areas of the world. He was last known to have left his home in Ratchet to study the troll ruins in Tanaris.$B$BGood luck finding him; he hasn't been heard from in some time.","Find Marvon Rivetseeker in Tanaris.","Yes, the Sunken Temple, I can say that I have seen it with my own eyes. Perhaps you'd like to hear more about it?$B$BYou look like the adventurous type -- I know things that may intrigue you...","","","","",""
3446,"Into the Depths","Inside the temple, I found a circular room with six balconies, each one with a serpent statue on the edge. Curious, I pushed one of them to see what would happen, and it was a trap! I nearly fell to my death from the explosion. Laying there on the ledge, I looked down and noticed that there was another statue at the base of the room; an altar of sorts... Hakkar, I think it was called.$B$BI think that this altar is the secret -- you must bring this token to the altar in the Sunken Temple.","Find the Altar of Hakkar in the Sunken Temple in Swamp of Sorrows.","You push the stone circle into the opening, and you hear it lock into place.$B$BNow that the stone is in place, you may continue... but what should you do next?$B$BPerhaps you should examine this altar further...\
","","","","",""
3447,"Secret of the Circle","My memories are cloudy, but I will tell you what I can. The circle of statues in the Sunken Temple, while dangerous, I believe that they hold the secret to unlock an even greater treasure.$B$BFrom the main altar, I was able to activate a series of lights. I think that if you can uncover what these lights mean, you might be able to unlock whatever secrets are hiding in this room.$B$BI warn you though, $N. Great evil lies in the temple. It's likely that anything valuable will be fervently guarded...","Travel into the Sunken Temple and discover the secret hidden in the circle of statues.","The eye of the idol glitters brightly even in the half-darkness of the temple. Its transparency reveals something shiny behind it. Sliding it to the side, you reach in and grasp what lies inside the statue.$B$BThe Atal'ai treasure is now yours.","","","","",""
3448,"Passing the Burden","I've recently been handed the responsibility of investigating Azshara--a once beautiful area the elves called home. This would be back when they practiced magic. It's now a more dangerous place than it is beautiful, but that doesn't stop us from turning over every stone for answers to our past.$B$BA companion of mine named Tymor offered to help me investigate the area since he takes a particular interest in such things.$B$BHe owns a small place to the right of the Hall of Mysteries here in the city.","Speak to Tymor in Ironforge.","Ah, Karnik sent you, did he? I expected to hear from him soon. I've discovered such wonderful things about Azshara.. I know night elves have incredible life spans, but everyone forgets some of the more... unfortunate events in their lives sometimes. That's not meant as a criticism, just an observation.$B$BLong ago, there were cities created by the elves filled with knowledge about magic and other lost arts. Being a student of such things, I started my investigation. What I found was quite thrilling.","","","","",""
3449,"Arcane Runes","Magic was once as revered as Elune herself to some elves. Some of their most powerful mages created runes and tablets citing rules of the arcane and insights into their findings. They would leave these for all to ponder in public places.$B$BI would very much like rubbings of these runes from the Ruins of Eldarath. I have a kit for you to make the rubbings with, but it will be up to you to find them. Be careful though, the Explorer's League isn't the only one interested in Eldarath.","Using the Drawing Kit, make rubbings of the Rune of Beth'Amara, the Rune of Jin'yael, the Rune of Markri, and the Rune of Sael'hai before heading to the small island off of the southern peninsula of Azshara and signaling Pilot Xiggs Fuselighter to pick them up.","Good to see you safe and sound, $N. I hope things weren't too tough for you.$B$BI'll get these to Tymor right away. He'll be thrilled to take a look at these things.$B$BGo ahead and toss the flare gun... probably won't be any good to you anymore anyway, and I already got a new one.","","","","",""
3450,"An Easy Pickup","I want the rubbings delivered to my tower, but there's no need to have you go all the way there. I'll just have them air-lifted out of Azshara.$B$BXiggs Fuselighter owes me a favor or two and will be in the area soon--he's signed on to patrol the coast. Speak to him before you leave. He can give you a flare gun to signal him with. When you have the rubbings, just head to wherever he tells you and then give them to him so he can get them to my tower safely. He should be in the hangar in the Military Ward.","Speak to Xiggs Fuselighter in Ironforge.","What can I do for you, $N? Kinda busy at the moment preparing my ship for a long trip. I just came over to see some of the tank pilots--I need some wendigo manes to line my cockpit and they usually have extra.$B$BI can give you a minute if you're brief... one of the boys just took off to Steelgrill's Depot to see if the pilots down there have extra manes for me.","","","","",""
3451,"Signal for Pickup","Ah, so Tymor sent you, huh? Yeah, I owe him a favor or two. What's that? Why, that little devil. Yeah, I can help him out with that. So you'll need a flare gun and a location... easy enough.$B$BThere's a small island off the southern peninsula of Azshara that we've made a landing pad on. You take this flare gun, and use it there. I'll see your signal and come by to pick up this... whatever it is he wants.","Speak to Xiggs Fuselighter and get a Standard Issue Flare Gun from him in Ironforge.","Here's my standard issue flare gun, and be patient after you fire off the gun--there are only a couple charges in one of these, and it might take me a minute to get to you depending on how far out to sea I am. Just look out to sea after you fire off the flare.","","","","",""
3452,"The Flame's Casing","We need one final piece to form the torch.$B$BIn the mountains to the northwest you will find a large encampment of Twilight's Hammer. It is rumored that they carry symbols and idols that pay homage to their god. These symbols and idols could carry sufficient enchantment to form a magical casing. Bring me a single symbol of Ragnaros and I will try to extract the magic from the item to create the casing.","Find and return a Symbol of Ragnaros to Kalaran Windblade.","The symbol radiates foul magic; perfectly suited for our task.","","","","",""
3453,"The Torch of Retribution","Give me a moment to combine the pieces and apply the necessary enchantments.\
","Wait for Kalaran Windblade to complete the Torch of Retribution.\
","There is one final task that you must complete.\
","Torch Creation","","","",""
3454,"The Torch of Retribution","The torch must now be bound to its owner. Pick up the torch, $N. ","Take the Torch of Retribution.","You grab the torch with both hands; waves of hatred and anger pulse through your being.","","","","",""
3461,"Return to Tymor","Tymor didn't give me anything to pay you with, so I suggest you take it up with him when you get back to Ironforge. I'm sure he'll still be in his place in the Mystic Ward. Just go knockin' and make sure he pays you good. This place ain't no picnic... that's for sure.$B$BThanks again for helping him out though, and good luck.$B$BOh, and I don't need the drawing kit. Why don't you just bring it back to Tymor when you go to see him?","Return Tymor's Drawing Kit to him in Ironforge.","Wonderful! I'm so glad to hear it.$B$BI'm really excited to get to my tower and go over those rubbings. I'm so envious of you... going to a place like Azshara. That's any student of the arcane's dream, I would guess.$B$BWell, we never spoke about any kind of reward since you were just working for the Explorer's League, but you deserve something.","","","","",""
3462,"Squire Maltrake","Speak with my envoy, Squire Maltrake. He will further instruct you as to the use of the Torch of Retribution.","Speak with Squire Maltrake.","Are you prepared to make your strike?\
","","","","",""
3463,"Set Them Ablaze!","Listen well, $N. While the four towers can never be destroyed, you can use the torch of retribution to set them ablaze for a very long period of time: A fire that no element or force can subdue.$B$BWhile they are ablaze, no guard or sentry unit can inhabit the watch posts and thus, their first line of defense is nullified.$B$BYou must enter each tower and use the Torch of Retribution within their fortifications. Beware the elite sentry units of the Dark Irons, $N.","Set the North, South, East, and West Sentry Towers on fire by using the Torch of Retribution inside each of the buildings. \
","It is glorious! Is it not glorious master? ","","Western Tower Ablaze","Southern Tower Ablaze","Eastern Tower Ablaze","Northern Tower Ablaze"
3481,"Trinkets...","The chest appears locked.","Open the chest.","The chest opens at your touch. How much cheese could possibly be in here? There is only one way to find out.","","","","",""
3482,"<NYI> <TXT> The Pocked Black Box","This is the horde version of the black box quest.","Take this box to Kravel.","",\N,\N,\N,\N,\N
3483,"Signal for Pickup","","","Ah, another flare gun, huh? That I can do.$B$BAnd don't forget, southern tip of Azshara. It's a small little island that's been turned into a landing pad. You can't miss it if you're in the right spot.",\N,"","","",""
3501,"Everything Counts In Large Amounts","Although you may never find a flawless sphere of draenethyst, you will undoubtedly uncover various imperfect fragments of the draenethyst in your exploration of these lands.$B$BWhile it is doubtful that Kum'isha will be able to use the flawed fragments to return home, the pieces may serve other, useful purposes for the draenei.$B$BReturn any piece of flawed draenethyst fragments that you may find and I shall reward you.","Bring Kum'isha Imperfect Draenethyst Fragments and be rewarded for each one you turn in.\
","You truly disgust me, $R. A grown man drooling over a pile of junk? Pitiful! Take your reward and get out of my sight.","","","","",""
3502,"One Draenei's Junk...","Well, after that display of voracious greed, I feel nauseous.$B$BRegardless, I shall not dwell too long on your material addiction.$B$BFor each imperfect draenethyst fragment you turn in, I shall reward you with more junk. My junk heap gets smaller while your junk heap gets larger. On Draenor we call this a 'win-win' situation.\
","Bring Kum'isha Imperfect Draenethyst Fragments. Any form of monster in the Blasted Lands could be carrying a fragment.\
","You truly disgust me, $R. A grown woman drooling over a pile of junk? Pitiful! Take your reward and get out of my sight.$B$BSounds familiar? It should, because I say it a thousand times per day.$B$BOh how I loathe this world.","","","","",""
3503,"Meeting with the Master","","","There was a time when I could ask whatever I wished from those who sought out my master.  But now, you need only ask and I will send you to him.$b$bIt is upsetting to me, but I do not question his orders.  I can only take enjoyment in making fun of the ridiculous clothes you wear or the pathetic look on your face.  Even that bores me...$b$bEven this rambling bores me!  Do you wish to see my master or not?","","","","",""
3504,"Betrayed","Betraying, thieving woman! That's what I call her--that's all she'll ever be!$B$BI may have made a grave mistake, $N. I trusted a blood elf. What's worse, I trusted a woman!$B$BShe claimed Azshara would hold great riches... powerful items. I simply send some warriors with her to protect her and I would be rewarded. Well, look who's the fool--she's killed them all.$B$BI want vengeance, $N, but I can't afford to send anyone else. Find Ag'tor at Valormok, north of the Haldarr Encampment. He'll tell you more.","Deliver the Sealed Letter to Ag'tor to Ag'tor Bloodfist in Azshara.","We've sent everything we had at her and her workers, but they are strong in battle. None have bothered to return. I'm assuming some have died, but I'm sure others simply ran... cowards.$B$BBut now that reinforcements have arrived, perhaps there's still something we can do. Perhaps we can still punish her for lying and betraying Belgrom.$B$BWhat do you say, are you in?","","","","",""
3505,"Betrayed","I thought as much.$B$BWe start our crusade against her workers along the southern bluffs on the northern peninsula of Azshara. Kill them with bloody rage--let them know they've betrayed the wrong allies.$B$BDo not concern yourself with her yet--she spends most of her time with her bodyguards searching Azshara. It would be prudent after you've slain her workers to find her personal camp. Scouting out where we can attack her would be wise. Perhaps there is something there we can use to provoke her.","Kill 10 Blood Elf Reclaimers, and 10 Blood Elf Surveyors before seeking out Magus Rimtori's camp. Once you've found it, look for something that might be important to her that can be used to draw her into a fight.","You begin to skim some of the pages until you come to a page that's marked by a thin, black strip of silk cloth.$b$bAs you try to decipher the script, you see a diagram on the bottom of one of the pages. A quick look around at the scene before you and you realize that the crystals, the circle, and even some of the other components on the ground are set up in a similar pattern as the diagram.","Find Magus Rimtori's camp","","","",""
3506,"Betrayed","A few more moments of thought brings a few ideas to mind, one of which brings a smile to your face: perhaps destroying the crystals would upset the blood elf responsible for the slaughter of so many orcs and the betrayal of Belgrom?$B$BYou continue to decipher more of the script and pictures and realize that one of the crystals is tied to the creator of the circle--the others are tied to something far more sinister.$B$BYou close the book and begin to decide which crystal to destroy. ","Destroy the arcane focusing crystal tied to Magus Rimtori and then slay her. Afterwards, take the Head of Magus Rimtori to Ag'tor Bloodfist in Azshara.","RAR!! Incredible!$b$bYou've done it! Belgrom will be pleased! Finally the spirits of dozens of our warriors can be at peace. Thank you, $N.","","","","",""
3507,"Betrayed","Return to Belgrom in Orgrimmar. He will want to see her head for himself! We'll return there shortly.$B$BAh, this is indeed a good day. Thank you for your help, $N.","Speak to Belgrom Rockmaul in Orgrimmar.","HAHA! Look at you now, pathetic woman! I spit on your remains!$b$bThank you, $N. Thank you from the bottom of my heart! This is indeed a great day!$b$bI would give you a kingdom if it were in my power! But perhaps you will settle for this.$b$b<Belgrom looks down at the head of the mage who had betrayed him.>$b$bHaha! Stupid blood elf, look at you now... in a burlap sack and missing your body! You should never have betrayed Belgrom!","","","","",""
3508,"Breaking the Ward","You are foolhardy, $N. It is an admirable quality of your kind - to blindly enter battle when you have little to no chance of success. I will assist you, if only to see just one of Razelikh's minions fall.$B$BTo break the ward placed over Razelikh's subordinates will take time and require the acquisition of rare artifacts.$B$BBe still, I must first perform the enlightenment ritual. The information I gather will assist me in forging weapons of great power.","Wait for Loramus to complete the enlightenment spell.","The name of the beast must be found.","","","","",""
3509,"The Name of the Beast","There is only one way to harm the demon lord and his minions. A weapon of power must be forged bearing his true name.$B$BWhen such a weapon is forged, the demon and all under his command are vulnerable.$B$BA lesser deity resides in Azshara: Lord Arkkoroc. You must seek him out but be warned, his minions will stop at nothing to destroy you if you are discovered.$B$BUndoubtedly, you will have to pay a price for such information. ","Speak with Lord Arkkoroc in Azshara. Begin your search at the waters edge to find the Temple of Arkkoran.","A demon lord?$b$b<Lord Arkkoroc laughs.>$b$bPerhaps the one can assist you with this information; but first, you must assist the one.$b$b","","","","",""
3510,"The Name of the Beast","She kills my children, mortal. She that calls herself the ruler of these oceans. A false god, nothing more. Crush her and bring back all of her heads.$B$BFor that, you will be given the name that you seek and something else of equal importance.$B$BShe roams the clutch... Hetaera she is called.$B$B<Lord Arkkoroc points to the southwest.>$B$BGo!\
","Slay Hetaera and bring back Hetaera's Bloodied Head, Hetaera's Beaten Head, and Hetaera's Bruised Head to Lord Arkkoroc.","Finally, one worthy of the wisdom of Arkkoroc!$b$b","","","","",""
3511,"The Name of the Beast","As promised, I will reveal the name of the demon lord, Razelikh the Defiler. First, however, I must prepare something of utmost importance for your journey.$B$BThe weapon you seek to create requires a temper. Give me a moment to drain the blood from these heads.$B$B<Lord Arkkoroc squeezes the heads in between his gigantic fists, draining them of their blood.>$B$BTake the temper back to Loramus along with the name of the beast: Rakh'likh.","Take the temper back to Loramus Thalipedes.\
","The temper will add the necessary vitriol we require for the forging of the weapons. There is but one more step in their creation.$b$b","","","","",""
3512,"In Eranikus' Own Words","$N, our first step will be to devise a method to speak with Eranikus through the gem.  He lies in a precarious state between sleep and death now, twisted within a weave of nightmares.  Though the essence you have given me is badly tainted, there is a chance we can reach him.$B$BTravel far to the icy lands of eastern Winterspring and seek one of our mortal allies, Umbranse the Spiritspeaker.  He is a human medium who speaks for the dead.  Though Eranikus is not truly dead, he may be of aid to us still.","Travel to the eastern part of Winterspring and speak with Umbranse the Spiritspeaker.","Itharius was wise to send you to me. While he is not dead as you understand death, Eranikus will soon give us advice in his own words. For now though, I cannot directly help you... at least not yet.$b$bI will lend my skill at death-speaking to you, but first I need the help of one who - unlike me - is not limited by the frailties of old age. My most potent augury device has been taken from me against my will, and unless I have it back we will be at a loss to help Eranikus.","","","","",""
3513,"The Runed Scroll","The official-looking scroll is wrapped tightly with a silvery ribbon. You're sure someone would be interested in seeing this, but who?$B$BThere is an outpost close to the Ashenvale border to the north, and if the information on this scroll involves the night elves, this would be the place to take it.","Take the Runed Scroll to the northern guard tower in the Barrens.","Well now... Where did you find this?","","","","",""
3514,"Horde Presence","This scroll is from that scheming dryad Rynthariel, Keymaster of the Talon Den on Stonetalon Peak.$B$BShe'll not be making any more contact with the messenger you looted this from, heh, but we must stand our ground here. The Horde will not tolerate her outrunners here.$B$B$N, travel to the Talon Den. Kill Rynthariel, and then put up a symbol for all to see. Take this Horde flag, $N. Put it up in the Talon Den so that they will not be so rash as to send another messenger through our territory again.","Kill the leader of the Talon Den, Rynthariel the Keymaster.","You're a tough one! Ridding the Den of Rynthariel is a major step, $N. They will be slow to regroup, and so we can count on less Alliance runners in the Barrens. They will think again before sending another this way.$B$BThank you.","","","","",""
3517,"Stealing Knowledge","I admit, $N, I've made the most of my situation in Azshara. Belgrom's punishment has had its share of benefits.$B$BBefore I left, I did some research and you would be surprised how many valuable items are lying around.$B$BI'll tell you more about my deals, and even give you a cut of the profits, if you help me gather some of them.$B$BThere are tablets throughout the Ruins of Eldarath to the east that I need. All four are named after Highborne wizards. Get them for me and we'll talk some more.","Find the Tablet of Beth'Amara, the Tablet of Jin'yael, the Tablet of Markri, and the Tablet of Sael'hai before returning to Jediga in Azshara.","Perfect, $N, and in good condition also. These should get us a good price from all the parties concerned.$B$BLet's not dawdle around here any longer than we have to. We have some money to make.","","","","",""
3518,"Delivery to Magatha","The first tablet goes to a tauren female... one called Magatha. She is among the elders in Thunder Bluff, and is one of the proponents of the alliance between the tauren and the Forsaken. She, more than anyone among the elders, feels the tauren and their ways can help the Forsaken find a path back to being human.$B$BBring her the Tablet of Beth'Amara. The tablet may be the link she needs in finding a way to help the Forsaken... or so she claims.","Bring the Tablet of Beth'Amara to Magatha in Thunder Bluff.","Ah, at long last, the Tablet of Beth'Amara. I was wondering if my partnership with Jediga had failed or if the poor orc had found her death in Azshara. I am glad she was successful.$B$BBeth'Amara was one of the Highborne's most influential alchemists. The wizard alone was said to have mastered transmuting metals among other things.","","","","",""
3519,"A Friend in Need","Ughhh... I was bitten very badly by a spider named Githyiss the Vile while exploring the spider cave very close to here. I am sure I have been seriously poisoned; you must help me.$B$BPlease tell Dirania Silvershine. She will be able to help me.$B$BHurry... I'm so dizzy...","Speak to Dirania Silvershine in Shadowglen.","Oh dear; I was wondering why I hadn't seen Iverron yet today. And I've always warned him about those spiders...","","","","",""
3520,"Screecher Spirits","I seek the spirits of the vale screechers of Feralas.  They are the cousins of an old, old god, and their spirits are linked to him.$B$BTake this bramble wand and go to Feralas.  Find and defeat vale screechers in southern and central Feralas, then wave my bramble over their fallen bodies.  This will coax their spirit to reveal itself.  Touch the spirit and collect its essence.$B$BReturn to me with my bramble and with the collected essence, and I will tell you more of the old god of which I spoke.","Capture the spirits of 3 screechers in Feralas, then return to Yeh'kinya in Steamwheedle Port.","You have done well, $N.  Perhaps now it is time to reveal more...$B$BThere is an ancient prophecy among the trolls, where the dead god Hakkar, the Soulflayer, will one day return to this earth.  Some say the coming of Hakkar will bring joy and glory to trollkind, while others believe his resurrection marks the end of all things.$B$BI do not believe this myth, but I do know the essence of Hakkar holds great power, and this power should be kept from those who would abuse it...","","Screecher Spirits Collected","","",""
3521,"Iverron's Antidote","We may be able to help Iverron, as I know of an antidote that should help with the poison. It requires some ingredients, though, before I can make it.$B$BI'll need Hyacinth mushrooms. You can find these growing under trees, or you may collect them from the grell south of here; they seem to have taken a liking to them. I'll also need Moonpetal lilies, which only grow around watery pools.$B$BThe last ingredient may prove the most difficult. From the very spiders that poisoned Iverron, collect Webwood ichor.","Collect 7 Hyacinth Mushrooms, 4 Moonpetal Lilies, and 1 Webwood Ichor for Dirania Silveshine in Shadowglen.","Thank Elune that you have gathered these ingredients so quickly!$B$BIn just a moment, I will have the antidote prepared.","","","","",""
3522,"Iverron's Antidote","The antidote is ready, $N. Please see that Iverron drinks it.$B$BThere is something that you should know -- the antidote -- it will only remain viable for 5 minutes. You must get it to him in time.$B$BSpeed be with you, $N.","Bring Iverron's Antidote to Iverron before the time limit is up. Iverron can be found by the cave to the north.","What is this, $N?$B$BOh, I knew Dirania would be able to help me!$B$B<Iverron drinks the antidote.>$B$BI'm always getting into trouble and Dirania, well, she always manages to help me out of it.$B$BI am feeling much better, but I think I will sit here for a while longer, until I feel completely better. Well, that, and I was hoping you'd clear a path for me through those vicious Webwood spiders...","","","","",""
3523,"Scourge of the Downs","Outstanding!  My name is Belnistrasz, and I thank you for rescuing me.  I had given myself up for dead... or worse, as a meal for these Scourge-infested vermin.  Yes - I said Scourge all right; they've brokered some sort of deal with the Quilboar here, and this nightmare is a result.$B$BListen... rather than just flee, I want to make a difference for all of our sakes.  Would you be up to helping me out to that end?  It's probably dangerous, but you seem to be the type not to worry about that too much.","If you agree to aid Belnistrasz, speak with him again and hand the Oathstone he gave you back to him.","Fantastic, I thought you looked to be the heroic type!  We've got our work cut out for us $N, I'm not going to lie to you.  If we stay focused on the task at hand, we should be able to come out on top.$B$BNow, let me bring you up to speed on what's been going on...","","","","",""
3524,"Washed Ashore","Majestic sea creatures are known to launch themselves at the Darkshore coastline, beached there until they die. Lately, these beasts have been washing ashore in ever-increasing numbers.  I've been sent here by the Temple of the Moon to investigate, but the presence of murlocs along the water has made my research difficult.$B$BThere is a giant creature washed ashore just south of Auberdine that is ringed by the foul Greymist murlocs.  Could you go there and retrieve bones from the creature for our study?","Recover Sea Creature Bones from the beached sea creature just south of Auberdine, and then return with it to Gwennyth Bly'Leggonde in Auberdine.","I hope the murloc did not give you much trouble in collecting this for us!  I will be sure to get this on the next hippogryph to Darnassus.  The Temple of the Moon has given me some funds to hand out for assistance; please have some with our thanks.$B$BYour success here emboldens me to offer you a chance to aid the Temple of the Moon further, if you are interested... ","","","","",""
3525,"Extinguishing the Idol","Near the entrance is an idol that functions as a macabre oven for the Quilboar; the beasts... they literally consume their abductees from the Barrens.  I can shut down the idol and bind them from using it again, but I need your aid in doing so.  My plan: escort me to the idol.  Once we arrive, I'll commence the ritual.  I'll barely be able to communicate with you, let alone defend myself.  Protect me while I shut down the idol.  If they take me down, then it's all over for us.$B$BAre you with me?!","Escort Belnistrasz to the Quilboar's idol in Razorfen Downs.$B$BProtect Belnistrasz while he performs the ritual to shut down the idol.","Belnistrasz's sudden departure has left behind a burning brazier.  As you stare in to the flame, the image of a great-winged red dragon fills your mind.  A more graveled version of Belnistrasz's voice speaks directly to you.$B$B\"Indeed mortals, you are the heroes I had hoped you would be.  Thanks to you the butchery these beasts were perpetrating is a thing of the past.  My faith in mortals such as yourself has been once more renewed.  Take this as a reward befitting of a hero.\"","Protect Belnistrasz while he performs the ritual to shut down the idol","","","",""
3526,"Goblin Engineering","Expert engineering yields two distinct disciplines: gnome and goblin.  Clearly, goblin engineering is the choice of all brilliant engineers.  Learn to master the world through the judicious use of high explosives and fantastic gear!$B$B$N, read this manual.  If you want to learn about goblin engineering, then take it to Nixx Sprocketspring in Gadgetzan.   Remember - membership is permanent and prevents joining the other discipline, so make sure this is what you want before finishing his task.","If you wish to learn more about Goblin Engineering, take the Manual of Engineering Disciplines to Nixx Sprocketspring in Gadgetzan.","Well $N, you were wise to seek my tutelage! Any schlep can become an expert at the basics of engineering - the gnomes and their irradiated home of Gnomeregan are proof of that. It takes a strong mind and a steady hand (emphasis on STEADY) though to master the discipline of Goblin Engineering.$B$BKeep your ears perked $N, and you might learn something.","","","","",""
3527,"The Prophecy of Mosh'aru","The ancient prophecy of Mosh'aru speaks of a way to contain the god Hakkar's essence.  It was written on two tablets and taken to the troll city of Zul'Farrak, west of Gadgetzan.$B$BBring me the Mosh'aru tablets!$B$BThe first tablet is held by the long-dead troll Theka the Martyr.  It is said his persecutors were cursed into scarabs and now scuttle about his shrine.$B$BThe second tablet is held by the hydromancer Velratha, near the sacred pool of Gahz'rilla.$B$BWhen you have the tablets, bring them to me.","Bring the First and Second Mosh'aru Tablets to Yeh'kinya in Tanaris.","Ah, this is good. I can fuse these ancient tablets together, and then study their hidden secrets.$b$bMy debt to you grows, $N. And it will grow further still.","","","","",""
3528,"The God Hakkar","Now it is time to capture the essence of the avatar of Hakkar.$B$BTake the Egg of Hakkar to the Sanctum of the Fallen God in the Sunken Temple in Azeroth.  Invoke the egg's power to stir the dead god.$B$BHe will send his minions against you.  Defeat his bloodrinkers and take their Hakkari blood, then use the blood to dowse the eternal flames that hold Hakkar's spirit.  When all the flames go out, the avatar of Hakkar will enter our world.$B$BDefeat him, and place his essence within the egg of Hakkar.","Bring the Filled Egg of Hakkar to Yeh'kinya in Tanaris.","The essence of Hakkar has been collected!  Even now the Egg stirs with life!  Could the myths of Hakkar be true?$B$BThat must not be true, for it is then I fear what Hakkar may do if birthed again.  I will keep this egg safe and be sure it does not fall into evil hands.$B$BYour labors with me are finished, $N.  You have touched a legend, and your actions may one day change the face of our world.","","","","",""
3541,"Delivery to Jes'rimon","I have a fence in Orgrimmar. He resides in The Drag. He's difficult to nail down if you don't know where to look, but if you go looking in one of the highest buildings there you should have no problem finding him.$B$BDo me a favor though, don't go shouting to all of Kalimdor that he's there and what his business is--it'd be bad for both of us.$B$BHe'll give us more than a fair price for the Tablet of Jin'yael. I'm not sure why, but you should have seen how excited he was to hear about its whereabouts.","Bring the Tablet of Jin'yael to Jes'rimon in Orgrimmar.","Ahhh, Jediga be sendin' her package all the way from Azshara. Good. I be waitin' on this.$B$BJediga, now that be a fine woman... deadly too. What could be better?$B$BLook at this... the tablet be in perfect condition. You make a good messenger, $N.","","","","",""
3542,"Delivery to Andron Gant","Andron Gant is my next contact. He usually holds himself up in the Undercity... right near the Apothecarium.$B$BHe was a little more loose-lipped when it came to speaking about what he wanted the Tablet for. Apparently some of the mages of Undercity are looking to study some of the arcane spells the highborne used. They think this tablet will help them. Markri was adept at summoning creatures; especially elementals.$B$BTake the Tablet of Markri and return to me for your part of the reward.","Bring the Tablet of Markri to Andron Gant in Undercity.","Here, take some coin... get yerself... <hic>... some new armor or something....$B$BThis'll bring a shiny gold or two to the right... <hic> people.","","","","",""
3561,"Delivery to Archmage Xylem","This final tablet goes to someone very dangerous, $N. Heed me when I tell you that I trust this person far less than anyone else I've asked you to meet with.$B$BArchmage Xylem has a tower up in the hills overlooking Azshara. He's human, but he acts like no human I've met... or killed. He exudes power, and I dare not ask him what he plans on doing with the tablet.$B$BHe came to me, but told me that his bodyguard Sanath would help me get to the tower when I was ready to meet him. Look north for Sanath.","Bring the Tablet of Sael'hai to Archmage Xylem in Azshara.","Ah, the Tablet of Sael'hai... how long I've longed to study it.$B$BThank you, $N. You may tell Jediga that she has done well. This will definitely be worth the payment she asked for.","","","","",""
3562,"Magatha's Payment to Jediga","Take this note to Jediga. Tell her the payment will be here for her when she returns. And tell her I am pleased with her work.$B$BGo swiftly, $N. Tell your master I will be awaiting her here.","Deliver Magatha's Note to Jediga in Azshara.","Ah, good. She was much more reasonable than I expected... at least towards you. I half expected her to have you punished for my insolence in sending someone in my place. She must really want that tablet. Interesting.$b$bSomething to ponder another time.","","","","",""
3563,"Jes'rimon's Payment to Jediga","Take this letter to Jediga. Let her know that our deal has been beneficial and I be pleased with her work.$B$BYou tell her she come back to Orgrimmar fast and Jes'rimon make sure he take good care of her.$B$BTell her that, and maybe in the future I have need of your services again, $N.","Deliver Jes'rimon's Note to Jediga in Azshara.","I can see he was more than pleased by the looks of his note.... a little too pleased.$B$BPerhaps some day I'll take time to make sure he knows how much I appreciate his advances also. Well, at least there's one reason to look forward to spending more time in Azshara.$B$BHere's your share of our payment.","","","","",""
3564,"Andron's Payment to Jediga","Here... take... <hic> this to Jediga. Good luck to ya!","Deliver Andron's Note to Jediga in Azshara.","Perfect... wait a minute.$b$bHaha! What'd you tell him when you delivered the tablet, $N? He overpaid us way too much! Not that I'm complaining. Did you tell him the deal changed? Or was he drunk again?$b$bDoesn't matter... here, take an extra share also.","","","","",""
3565,"Xylem's Payment to Jediga","What is it? Oh yes, your payment. Of course.$B$BTake this and be off with you. I'm sure Jediga is awaiting oh so patiently for your return.","Deliver Xylem's Note to Jediga in Azshara.","No problems? None at all? Well, that's something to be said... I expected him to show some sort of reluctance or to at least betray our deal. Hmm, maybe he can be trusted after all.$B$BWell, no need to dwell on it that much. Here's your share. Thank you for your help.","","","","",""
3566,"Rise, Obsidion!","It... It... It was all a trap.$B$BForgive... me.$B$BKill the bastard... Kill him for us... for Thorius.","Slay Lathoric the Black and Obsidion, and return to Thorius in Ironforge with the Head of Lathoric the Black and the Heart of Obsidion. ","<Thorius' face turns white.>$B$BThis... this cannot be. My own brother? He set this all up?$B$B<Thorius' face contorts in anger.>$B$BHe betrayed me, he betrayed Ironforge! It seems as if the influence of the Old Gods is still strong in these lands. I fear that if my brother - a once noble and honorable man - was so easily turned to the will of Ragnaros, no one is safe.\
","","","","",""
3567,"To the Top","","","Would you like to see the view atop one of the twin colossals? I can send you there, $R.$B$BDo consider how you will get down, though. This is a one way trip only.","","","","",""
3568,"Seeping Corruption","See that tauren behind me--the one who looks like she's going to be ill at any moment? She was in Azshara recently. She claims she was wounded by some naga while making her way through the Ruins of Eldarath.$B$BAfter fighting off a few of them, she took a break on the beach and drank from one of the tide pools. Now she's feeling nauseous... among other things.$B$BI'd like to find out what she drank. Take this box, in it are some empty vials I labeled. Fill each at different pools and come back.","Fill all 4 Empty Vials at the tide pools along the coast of the Ruins of Eldarath in Azshara before returning to Chemist Cuely.","Wonderful. You're back before she died. Good, good.$B$BLet's get started on this then, shall we?$B$BI've been studying her symptoms for some time now, and it's quite ugly. I'm surprised she's still standing. She's vomited three or four times all over the place... quite a pleasant odor.$B$BGive me just a moment to put something together to test on our... friend.","","","","",""
3569,"Seeping Corruption","Give this to Thersa. Perhaps it will cure her... perhaps not. We really won't know until after she drinks it.","Give Cuely's Elixir to Thersa Windsong in Undercity.","Chemist Cuely has been very accommodating... disturbingly so. But if he says this will help me, then I have no other choice. I don't have time to find any other solution. I've already spoken to priests and shamans, none of which could help me.$B$BLet us hope that the Earthmother watches over my spirit.","","","","",""
3570,"Seeping Corruption","","","I never dreamed the elixir would take hold that quickly. Thank you, $N. I will get to work on the rest of these samples right away. I'm sure they'll be usable by the Lady Sylvanas and the Forsaken soon enough.","","","","",""
3581,"Plainsrunning","Imagine yourself racing across the plains, through forests and over mountains, the wind in your face... Traveling over unseen territory","Speak to Saern Priderunner again to learn the Plainsrunning skill.","",\N,\N,\N,\N,\N
3601,"Kim'jael Indeed!","Kim'jael indeed!! Do you know what Kim'jael means to the Blood elves, $N? Little rat... or something like that. The big bullies!$B$BThey hired me to help them scout the area looking for some sort of lost treasures. Of course I jumped aboard the moment they said \"treasure\" and the amount they were willing to pay, but of course, they turned on me and tried to kill me... ME!$B$BGoes to show you, you can't trust a Blood elf.$B$BThe problem is, they still have my equipment and I can't get it back. Help me out?","Search the Thalassian Base Camp for Kim'jael's Compass, Scope, Stuffed Chicken and Wizzlegoober, then return them to him in Azshara.","Haha! You got them good, didn't you?!$B$BThis is great! That'll teach those Blood elves to betray their partners... especially someone as loyal as a goblin merchant! Bah, Blood elves...!$B$BWell, the least I can do for you is pay you for your time... just like I said I would.$B$BHere you go... those should be useful.","","","","",""
3602,"Azsharite","The ancient cliff giants of the southern region of Azshara consume the rock and buildings of the land for sustenance. The excrement from their consumption is a highly malleable and extremely strong crystal known as Azsharite.$B$BThe formations litter the southern arc, but few are ever recovered due to the extremely violent nature of the giants.$B$BYou are to venture south and recover enough of the Azsharite for the creation of the weapon's body. My felhounds will aid in the recovery of the crystal.","Recover twenty Crystallized Azsharite from southern Azshara. You may use the Felhound to assist you in 'sniffing' out the location of cleverly hidden deposits.$B$BReturn to Loramus when the task is complete.\
","Your tasks in Azshara are complete, mortal. I must now forge the necessary components for the next step in your adventure.","","","","",""
3621,"The Formation of Felbane","The weapons are ready to be forged. You must take the tempered azsharite to one with the ability to harness fel energy.$B$BIn Stranglethorn Vale such a blacksmith exists. Galvan the Ancient, leader of the Mithril Order, will craft the weapons to your specifications. You will find his encampment between Zul'Gurub and the Mosh'Ogg ogre mound.$B$BMay your determination and faith carry you through this ordeal. Should you fail, know that your God smiles down upon you, mortal.","Take the Shipment to Galvan the Ancient in Stranglethorn Vale.","My goodness, I can only imagine what you went through to get these materials. Few venture into Azshara and return alive, let alone those that face demi-gods and giants!$b$b","","","","",""
3625,"Enchanted Azsharite Fel Weaponry","$N, the creation of each weapon will take some time.$B$BAdditionally, you may only use the power of the Felcurse once per three minutes. Its weakening properties against Razelikh the Defiler and his minions may be variable in duration. This is why you must release the Felcurse only when the moment is right!$B$BNow give me a moment to craft your weapon, $N.\
","Wait for Galvan to finish forging the weaponry.","<Galvan wipes the sweat from his brow.>$b$bA finer demon slayer has never existed, $N.","Weaponry Creation","","","",""
3626,"Return to the Blasted Lands","The hour of redemption is near, $N. You must return to the Blasted Lands with your new-found weaponry and speak with the Fallen Hero of the Horde to receive your final objective.\
","Return to the Fallen Hero of the Horde.","You look battle hardened, $N. Are you prepared to face Razelikh and his minions?","","","","",""
3627,"Uniting the Shattered Amulet","To reach the Defiler, you must first destroy the triad of power and recover the amulet pieces. When you recover all three pieces, return to me and I shall give you further instruction.$B$BGo $N! To the Blasted Lands! Sevine, Allistarj, and Grol must fall!\
","Slay Grol the Destroyer, Lady Sevine, and Archmage Allistarj. From their corpses take the Amulet of Grol, the Amulet of Sevine, and the Amulet of Allistarj.$B$BRemember to USE your Enchanted Azsharite Fel Weaponry to weaken the triad. They cannot be killed otherwise - but use them wisely...\
","The amulet of Razelikh the Defiler is once again complete but he senses the disruption in his chain of command. He knows you come for him...","","","","",""
3628,"You Are Rakh'likh, Demon","Razelikh's lair is atop the highest mountain in the Blasted Lands. The only way to the lair is through the use of the teleport runes near the mountain. As long as you hold the amulet, you can freely transport up to the lair. Once you reach the lair, you must conjure the beast. The amulet is your key, $N. Use it on the Altar of the Defiler.$B$BShould you defeat the Defiler, bring back his horn. It will become a symbol of hope for all that view it - proof that heroes do exist in this war torn world.\
","Destroy Razelikh the Defiler and return the Severed Horn of the Defiler to the Fallen Hero of the Horde. You will also need to return the Ward of the Defiler so that the Fallen Hero can destroy it, preventing it from ever falling into the wrong hands.\
","Today is a day that will be remembered for all eternity. The demonic overlord of the Blasted Lands has finally fallen!$b$b","","","","",""
3629,"Goblin Engineering","Expert engineering yields two distinct disciplines: gnome and goblin.  I only bother to mention goblin engineering because I'm a fair trainer.  They like to make things that blow up, and they rarely care what is in the way - even themselves.$B$B$N, read this manual.  If you want to learn how to blow yourself up, then take it to Nixx Sprocketspring in Gadgetzan.   Remember - membership is permanent and prevents joining the other discipline, so make sure this is what you want before finishing his task.","If you wish to learn more about Goblin Engineering, take the Manual of Engineering Disciplines to Nixx Sprocketspring in Gadgetzan.","Well $N, you were wise to seek my tutelage! Any schlep can become an expert at the basics of engineering - the gnomes and their irradiated home of Gnomeregan are proof of that. It takes a strong mind and a steady hand (emphasis on STEADY) though to master the discipline of Goblin Engineering.$B$BKeep your ears perked $N, and you might learn something.","","","","",""
3630,"Gnome Engineering","Engineering at the expert level breaks into two disciplines: gnome and goblin.  Gnome engineering represents by far the superior of the two!  It's about the construction of wonderful gadgets and devices that make life better!$B$B$N, read this manual.  If you want to learn more on gnome engineering, then take that manual to Tinkmaster Overspark in Ironforge.   Remember - membership is permanent and prevents joining the other discipline, so make sure you are sure before finishing his task!","If you wish to learn more about Gnome Engineering, take the Manual of Engineering Disciplines to Tinkmaster Overspark in Ironforge.","Ah, a young engineer interested in pursuing the one, true discipline of engineering! Well forgive my melodrama, friend. While our situation remains dire, it still is always a good day to see another engineer respond to the clarion call of true engineering!","","","","",""
3631,"Summon Felsteed","Hmph. I say you're not prepared, but that is not my decision. Strahad feels otherwise, and it is his decision to make... this time.$B$BHe wishes to speak to you, and quickly. You'll find him still above Ratchet in the Barrens, at his little tower there with his acolytes.$B$BDo not dawdle long.","Speak to Strahad Farsan in the Barrens.","Good luck, $N. I look forward to seeing you in the future.","","","","",""
3632,"Gnome Engineering","Engineering at the expert level breaks into two disciplines: gnome and goblin.  Gnome engineering represents by far the superior of the two!  It's about the construction of wonderful gadgets and devices that make life better!$B$B$N, read this manual.  If you want to learn more on gnome engineering, then take that manual to Tinkmaster Overspark here in Ironforge.   Remember - membership is permanent and prevents joining the other discipline, so make sure you are sure before finishing his task!","If you wish to learn more about Gnome Engineering, take the Manual of Engineering Disciplines to Tinkmaster Overspark in Ironforge.","Ah, a young engineer interested in pursuing the one, true discipline of engineering!  Well forgive my melodrama, friend.  While our situation remains dire, it still is always a good day to see another engineer respond to the clarion call of true engineering!","","","","",""
3633,"Goblin Engineering","Expert engineering yields two distinct disciplines: gnome and goblin.  Clearly, goblin engineering is the choice of all brilliant engineers.  Learn to master the world through the judicious use of high explosives and fantastic gear!$B$B$N, read this manual.  If you want to learn about goblin engineering, then take it to Nixx Sprocketspring in Gadgetzan.   Remember - membership is permanent and prevents joining the other discipline, so make sure this is what you want before finishing his task.","If you wish to learn more about Goblin Engineering, take the Manual of Engineering Disciplines to Nixx Sprocketspring in Gadgetzan.","Well $N, you were wise to seek my tutelage! Any schlep can become an expert at the basics of engineering - the gnomes and their irradiated home of Gnomeregan are proof of that. It takes a strong mind and a steady hand (emphasis on STEADY) though to master the discipline of Goblin Engineering.$B$BKeep your ears perked $N, and you might learn something.","","","","",""
3634,"Gnome Engineering","Engineering at the expert level breaks into two disciplines: gnome and goblin.  While I think it is a waste, you should be aware of gnome specialization.  They make items and gadgets that claim to change the world, but rarely often work.$B$B$N, read this manual.  If you wish to learn how to make metal paper weights, then take that manual to Tinkmaster Overspark in Ironforge.   Remember - membership is permanent and prevents joining the other discipline, so make sure you are sure before finishing his task!","If you wish to learn more about Gnome Engineering, take the Manual of Engineering Disciplines to Tinkmaster Overspark in Ironforge.","Ah, a young engineer interested in pursuing the one, true discipline of engineering! Well forgive my melodrama, friend. While our situation remains dire, it still is always a good day to see another engineer respond to the clarion call of true engineering!","","","","",""
3635,"Gnome Engineering","Engineering at the expert level breaks into two disciplines: gnome and goblin.  While I think it is a waste, you should be aware of gnome specialization.  They make items and gadgets that claim to change the world, but rarely work.$B$B$N, read this manual.  If you wish to learn how to make metal paper weights, then take the manual to Oglethorpe Obnoticus in Booty Bay.   Remember - membership is permanent and prevents joining the other discipline, so make sure you are sure before finishing his task.","If you wish to learn more about Gnome Engineering, take the Manual of Engineering Disciplines to Oglethorpe Obnoticus in Booty Bay.","You've come to learn about gnome engineering, eh? Well, you've come to the right gnome. While the ruling faction of Gnomeregan may use politics to ostracize those they view as an intellectual threat, they know that knowledge is something they cannot control.$B$BThey and I both know that when I left Gnomeregan, they lost one of their greatest gnome engineers alive today. If you're a capable student, I'll teach you what I know.","","","","",""
3636,"Bring the Light","The Scourge is a persistent threat to the Alliance, a fact I am sure you know quite well. Recently, we have come across some very peculiar findings, $N.$B$BIn the Barrens lies a horrid tangle of briars called Razorfen Downs. While once it was the home of simple quilboar, now it has become apparent that a pact was made with the Scourge, creating creatures far worse... They are now ruled by the lich, Amnennar the Coldbringer.$B$BAlign yourself with the Light, $N; put an end to this evil union.","Archbishop Bendictus wants you to slay Amnennar the Coldbringer in Razorfen Downs.","Thank you , $N. The Scourge will now think twice before attempting to bolster its ranks again.$B$BMay you be blessed by the Light.","","","","",""
3637,"Gnome Engineering","Engineering at the expert level breaks into two disciplines: gnome and goblin.  While I think it is a waste, you should be aware of gnome specialization.  They make items and gadgets that claim to change the world, but rarely work.$B$B$N, read this manual.  If you wish to learn how to make metal paper weights, then take the manual to Oglethorpe Obnoticus in Booty Bay.   Remember - membership is permanent and prevents joining the other discipline, so make sure you are sure before finishing his task.","If you wish to learn more about Gnome Engineering, take the Manual of Engineering Disciplines to Oglethorpe Obnoticus in Booty Bay.","You've come to learn about gnome engineering, eh? Well, you've come to the right gnome. While the ruling faction of Gnomeregan may use politics to ostracize those they view as an intellectual threat, they know that knowledge is something they cannot control.$B$BThey and I both know that when I left Gnomeregan, they lost one of their greatest gnome engineers alive today. If you're a capable student, I'll teach you what I know.","","","","",""
3638,"The Pledge of Secrecy","Goblin engineering is about practical uses for high profit and higher explosive power!  Our schemata allow us to make powerful bombs and mighty weaponry; the manual you read covered this.$B$BThe manual also covered our ages old oath of secrecy on our schemata.  Once you become a goblin engineer, that's that.  There is no access to gnome engineering at all.$B$BIf you still want to become a goblin engineer, sign this document pledging life-long secrecy and speak with me again.  Think about it carefully, $N.","If you agree to become a Goblin Engineer, then right-click on the Pledge of Secrecy and speak once more with Nixx Sprocketspring in Gadgetzan.","Welcome aboard, Goblin Engineer $N! You soon will have access to the most powerful engineering schemata anywhere on Azeroth.$b$bNow that you have committed yourself to the pursuit of this knowledge, it is time to examine your goblin-oriented engineering work. From there, we'll help you build a plan to maximize your goblin engineering talents!","","","","",""
3639,"Show Your Work","As your mentor, I want samples of your work.  You're a skilled engineer; there is no question of this, $N.  What I hope to do though is analyze them for ways to emphasize goblin-oriented techniques in your future efforts.  I need the following: twenty big iron bombs, twenty sticks of solid dynamite, and five explosive sheep - and keep the safeties armed!$B$BSubmit these items to me and I will issue you your own Goblin Engineer Membership Card; it is required for access to all goblin engineering trainers!","Bring 20 Big Iron Bombs, 20 Solid Dynamite, and 5 Explosive Sheep to Nixx Sprocketspring in Gadgetzan.","Here is your first Goblin Engineer Membership Card!$b$bThis card has its dues paid for in advance for fourteen days; all cards expire after two weeks of activity. When it does, pay your next set of dues to any goblin engineer trainer in order to get another card; without the card, your membership will temporarily lapse and you cannot access new schemata.$b$bThis never affects what you already know; once a goblin engineer, always a goblin engineer.","","","","",""
3640,"The Pledge of Secrecy","Gnome engineering is about engineering theory shaped to serve our needs!  Our schemata allow us to make devices that control the world around us; the manual you read covered this.$B$BThe manual also covered our ages old oath of secrecy on our schemata.  Once you become a gnome engineer, that's that.  There is no access to goblin engineering at all.$B$BIf you still want to become a gnome engineer, sign this document pledging life-long secrecy and speak with me again.  Think about it carefully, $N.","If you agree to become a Gnome Engineer, then right-click on the Pledge of Secrecy and speak once more with Tinkmaster Overspark in Ironforge.","Welcome aboard, $N!  You soon will have access to the most advanced engineering schemata anywhere on Azeroth.$B$BNow that you have committed yourself to the pursuit of this knowledge, it is time to examine your gnome-oriented engineering work.  From there, we'll help you build a plan to maximize your gnome engineering talents!","","","","",""
3641,"Show Your Work","As your mentor, I want some samples of your work.  You're a skilled engineer; there is no question of this, $N.  What I hope to do though is to analyze your work for ways to emphasize gnome-oriented techniques in your future efforts.  I need the following samples: six mithril tubes, an accurate scope, and two advanced target dummies.$B$BSubmit these items to me and I will issue you your own Gnome Engineer Membership Card; it is required for access to all gnome engineering trainers!","Bring 6 Mithril Tubes, an Accurate Scope, and 2 Advanced Target Dummies to Tinkmaster Overspark in Ironforge.","Here is your first Gnome Engineer Membership Card!$B$BThis card has its dues paid for in advance for fourteen days; all cards expire after two weeks of activity.  When it does, pay your next set of dues to any gnome engineer trainer in order to get another card; without the card, your membership will temporarily lapse and you cannot access new schemata.$B$BThis never affects what you already know; once a gnome engineer, always a gnome engineer.","","","","",""
3642,"The Pledge of Secrecy","Gnome engineering is about engineering theory shaped to serve our needs!  Our schemata allow us to make devices that control the world around us; the manual you read covered this.$B$BThe manual also covered our ages old oath of secrecy on our schemata.  Once you become a gnome engineer, that's that.  There is no access to goblin engineering at all.$B$BIf you still want to become a gnome engineer, sign this document pledging life-long secrecy and speak with me again.  Think about it carefully, $N.","If you agree to become a Gnome Engineer, then right-click on the Pledge of Secrecy and speak once more with Oglethrope Obnoticus in Booty bay.","Welcome aboard, $N! You soon will have access to the most advanced engineering schemata anywhere on Azeroth.$B$BNow that you have committed yourself to the pursuit of this knowledge, it is time to examine your gnome-oriented engineering work. From there, we'll help you build a plan to maximize your gnome engineering talents!","","","","",""
3643,"Show Your Work","As your mentor, I want some samples of your work.  You're a skilled engineer; there is no question of this, $N.  What I hope to do though is to analyze your work for ways to emphasize gnome-oriented techniques in your future efforts.  I need the following samples: six mithril tubes, an accurate scope, and two advanced target dummies.$B$BSubmit these items to me and I will issue you your own Gnome Engineer Membership Card; it is required for access to all gnome engineering trainers!","Bring 6 Mithril Tubes, an Accurate Scope, and a 2 Advanced Target Dummies to Oglethorpe Obnoticus in Booty Bay.","Here is your first Gnome Engineer Membership Card!$B$BThis card has its dues paid for in advance for fourteen days; all cards expire after two weeks of activity. When it does, pay your next set of dues to any gnome engineer trainer in order to get another card; without the card, your membership will temporarily lapse and you cannot access new schemata.$B$BThis never affects what you already know; once a gnome engineer, always a gnome engineer.","","","","",""
3644,"Membership Card Renewal","","","Since you're a practitioner of Goblin engineering and are in good standing, I am able to renew a lapsed membership card for the fee of two gold pieces. Once this fee is paid, you will be reissued a new membership card. This will allow access to Goblin engineering schemata from appropriate trainers.$B$BThis card will last for two weeks of activity, at the end of which your membership fees will become due again! If you want to access schemata, you'll need to bring your dues out of arrears.","","","","",""
3645,"Membership Card Renewal","","","Since you're a practitioner of Gnomish engineering and are in good standing, I am able to renew a lapsed membership card for the fee of two gold pieces. Once this fee is paid, you will be reissued a new membership card. This will allow access to Gnomish engineering schemata from appropriate trainers.$B$BThis card will last for two weeks of activity, at the end of which your membership fees will become due again! If you want to access schemata, you'll need to bring your dues out of arrears.","","","","",""
3646,"Membership Card Renewal","\
","","Since you're a practitioner of Goblin engineering and are in good standing, I am able to renew a lapsed membership card for the fee of two gold pieces. Once this fee is paid, you will be reissued a new membership card. This will allow access to Goblin engineering schemata from appropriate trainers.$B$BThis card will last for two weeks of activity, at the end of which your membership fees will become due again! If you want to access schemata, you'll need to bring your dues out of arrears.","","","","",""
3647,"Membership Card Renewal","","","Since you're a practitioner of Gnomish engineering and are in good standing, I am able to renew a lapsed membership card for the fee of two gold pieces. Once this fee is paid, you will be reissued a new membership card. This will allow access to Gnomish engineering schemata from appropriate trainers.$B$BThis card will last for two weeks of activity, at the end of which your membership fees will become due again! If you want to access schemata, you'll need to bring your dues out of arrears.","","","","",""
3661,"Favored of Elune?","Wildkin are quite unpredictable creatures, $N. Capable of incredible gentleness, these creatures will show extreme ferocity if something they deem important is threatened.$B$BThese beasts are rumored to have been created by Elune, and I am interested in finding if this is really the truth.$B$BRecently, I heard about a population of wildkin living in the Hinterlands -- Vicious, Primitive, and Savage Owlbeasts. They can be found amongst the wildlife there. Will you gather some wildkin feathers for me?","Collect 15 Wildkin Feathers from the Hinterlands for Erelas Ambersky in Rut'theran Village.","Thank you for bringing these to me, $N.$B$BWhat did you learn of the Wildkin?$B$BPerhaps these feathers will tell us more. Ferocious monsters, or simply misguided pets? One day I'd like to know the truth...$B$BI am going to continue my research -- please come back and talk to me again after some time has passed.","","","","",""
3681,"Tome of Divinity","Sorry to interrupt your travels, $r, but I thought you should know that word was sent from Stormwind recently asking that paladins report there for training.$B$BIf I didn't know any better, I'd say your close to reaching a special time and it's time you started studying the Tomes.$B$BLook for Duthorian Rall in Stormwind. He usually trains paladins in the Cathedral of Light.","Speak with Duthorian Rall in Stormwind.","Welcome to the Cathedral of Light, $C.","","","","",""
3701,"The Smoldering Ruins of Thaurissan","Venture to the smoldering ruins of Thaurissan in the Burning Steppes and gather as much information as possible.$B$BIt is said that mysterious relics litter the ruins. Perhaps you should start your search there, $N. Beware the Thaurissan guardians: Assassins that guard the ruins, keeping whatever secrets may still be buried there protected.","Venture to the Ruins of Thaurissan in the Burning Steppes and recover information from the Thaurissan Relics. Return to Royal Historian Archesonus when you have recovered the information.","Oh my! This information explains quite a lot about Thaurissan.$B$BThere is much more to learn!","","Information Recovered","","",""
3702,"The Smoldering Ruins of Thaurissan","Would you like to hear a brief history of the Dark Iron dwarves?","Listen to Royal Historian Archesonus recant the history of Thaurissan.","Shall we proceed?","Story of Thaurissan","","","",""
3721,"An OOX of Your Own","","","You've recovered three of my OOX homing robots!  You've gone above and beyond what you needed to, so I will give you something special for all your help.  It is a miniature version of the very same robot that you have come to know and love, the OOX!$B$BI normally wouldn't let anyone have such a potentially lethal device, but you've been a real help.  Besides - the combat mechanisms and the homing logic on this one have been disabled.$B$BOther than that, it's an OOX by golly!","","","","",""
3741,"Hilary's Necklace","My friend Hilary lost her necklace, and we can't find it.  We've been fishing all day right here, and we looked around here already.  The only thing I can think of is that it fell into the lake.  Our parents don't want us to swim in the lake... my mom says there's some mean things underwater, but you look like you aren't scared of mean things.$B$BCould you find it for her, please?","Find Hilary's Necklace, and return it to Hilary in Lakeshire.","Thank you for finding my necklace mister $C... you are very kind! My kitty thanks you too - isn't that right Effsee?","","","","",""
3761,"Un'Goro Soil","The soil of Un'Goro Crater is reportedly enriched with potent magical qualities.  The Cenarion Circle wants to study this soil in large quantities; go into the wilds of Un'Goro and acquire enough of it for our continued research.$B$BThe rich soil will stick out in piles from time to time, and some of the beasts might have usable samples on their being.  Take them all outside to Ghede; just look for the piles of dirt and the tauren barking orders.  He means well, just don't get him riled up though!","Bring 20 Un'Goro Soil samples to Ghede on the Elder Rise of Thunder Bluff.","Oh that's right Private $N, don't make any effort to help me unload this soil up on to the piles! If the Great Spirits had wanted it done they would have miracled it up there, now wouldn't they?!$B$BArch Druid Runetotem wants to speak with you again, but for his next task you find that a journeyman's understanding of Herbalism would be helpful. If you don't know it though, he'll still find a use for you.","","","","",""
3762,"Assisting Arch Druid Runetotem","Excuse me $c, but I'd like just a moment of your time if possible.$B$BThe Cenarion Circle in Thunder Bluff is most interested in seasoned adventurers such as yourself to lend them aid in a vital research project.  While I do not know the specifics, I can inform you that none other than Hamuul Runetotem is spearheading this research.$B$BPlease - if you are interested, speak with him directly on the Elder Rise within Thunder Bluff proper.","Speak with Arch Druid Hamuul Runetotem in Thunder Bluff.","Greetings, $C; I am glad you are interested in assisting our research. There is much to do, and I would be doing you a disservice if I informed you that the work this entails is not dangerous. Hopefully this will not scare you off... but from the looks of you, I take it that danger is something that you have dealt with before.","","","","",""
3763,"Assisting Arch Druid Staghelm","Excuse me $c, but I'd like just a moment of your time if possible.$B$BThe Cenarion Circle in Darnassus is looking for seasoned adventurers such as yourself to lend them aid in a vital research project.  While I do not know the specifics, I can inform you that none other than Arch Druid Fandral Staghelm is spearheading this research.$B$BPlease - if you are interested, speak with him directly in the Cenarion Enclave within Darnassus proper.","Speak with Arch Druid Fandral Staghelm in Darnassus.","Well now, $c... since you were informed that I was leading this research myself, you obviously came as quickly as you could.$B$BNow that you are here, be sure to pay attention the first time I tell you the details; I have no desire to repeat myself.","","","","",""
3764,"Un'Goro Soil","The soil of Un'Goro Crater is reportedly enriched with potent magical qualities.  I want to know facts from falsehoods; go into the wilds of Un'Goro and acquire enough quality samples of soil for our continued study.$B$BYou may think that collection tasks are beneath you; that sort of attitude does not endear yourself to me or the Cenarion Circle.  Bring the samples to Jenal, who is no doubt wasting time outside behind this tree; just look for the piles of dirt.  He will handle the logistics - not I.","Bring 20 Un'Goro Soil samples to Jenal at the Cenarion Enclave in Darnassus.","Unload your precious cargo here, noble $c.  It must have been quite the burden... not unlike the burden I carry being a visionary.  Here is an honorarium for your work, as dictated by the Arch Druid himself.$B$BArch Druid Staghelm wants to speak with you again $N, but for his next task you will be aided if you have a journeyman's understanding of Herbalism.  If you don't know it though, you will still be able to aid the Circle!","","","","",""
3765,"The Corruption Abroad","Stormwind -- such a bustling hub of activity.$b$bI have traveled from afar to seek help. Often it is heard that brave adventurers roam these city streets.$b$bMy brother, Gershala, requires assistance in Darkshore. He resides in the seaside town of Auberdine.$b$bThe journey is a long and epic one. It is for this reason that I ask the help of a seasoned $c such as yourself.","Travel to Gershala Nightwhisper in Auberdine.","Ah, so my brother, Argos, sent you? I realize you must be weary from your travels. But we have much to talk about.","","","","",""
3781,"Morrowgrain Research","With what we call an Evergreen Pouch, we have cultivated Tharlendris seeds in the soil from Un'Goro Crater.  These seeds blossom into an array of random, potent herbs.  One result is morrowgrain, a mysterious herb we know little about; I intend to unravel this mystery.$B$BTake this to Mathrengyl downstairs, and he will give you some seeds so you can get started.  If you run out, you will need to purchase more from him.","Take the Arch Druid's Seed Voucher to Mathrengyl Bearwalker in the Cenarion Enclave of Darnassus.","Yes, this voucher is good for twenty packets of seeds.  If you run out, we have more that can be provided.  Unfortunately though, Tharlendris seeds are quite costly to produce in significant numbers.  This is why the Cenarion Circle asks that those who are assisting us help out by offsetting some of the cost.$B$BThose who return with morrowgrain find that the reward the Arch Druid offers far makes up for the cost.","","","","",""
3782,"Morrowgrain Research","With what we call an Evergreen Pouch, we have cultivated Tharlendris seeds in the soil from Un'Goro Crater.  These seeds have blossomed into an array of random, potent herbs.  One result is morrowgrain, a mysterious herb we know little about; I very much hope to unravel this mystery for the Circle.$B$BTake this voucher over to my daughter Bashana, and she will give you some seeds so you may assist us.  If you run out, you will need to purchase more from her.","Take the Seed Voucher to Bashana Runetotem in Thunder Bluff.","Yes, this voucher is good for twenty packets of seeds. If you run out, we have more that can be provided. Unfortunately though, Tharlendris seeds are quite costly to produce in significant numbers. This is why the Cenarion Circle asks that those who are assisting us help out by offsetting some of the cost.$B$BThose who return with morrowgrain find that the reward the Arch Druid offers far makes up for the cost.","","","","",""
3783,"Are We There, Yeti?","My friends are always coming up with great ideas. I've never felt like I could match them... until today! I just drew up the plans for something great! If you promise not to tell, I'll let you in on the secret... $B$BI'm going to make a mechanical yeti! Not only are my friends sure to be freaked out when they see it, but when they get over that, I know they'll be impressed!$B$BI need thick yeti fur from the ice thistle yeti to start with. Will you help? You'll find them to the southeast.","Collect 10 Thick Yeti Furs for Umi Rumplesnicker in Everlook.","These furs are perfect, $N. We're off to a great start here!","","","","",""
3784,"Assisting Arch Druid Runetotem","Excuse me $c, but I'd like just a moment of your time if possible.$B$BThe Cenarion Circle in Thunder Bluff is most interested in seasoned adventurers such as yourself to lend them aid in a vital research project.  While I do not know the specifics, I can inform you that none other than Hamuul Runetotem is spearheading this research.$B$BPlease - if you are interested, speak with him directly on the Elder Rise within Thunder Bluff proper.","Speak with Arch Druid Hamuul Runetotem in Thunder Bluff.","Greetings, $C; I am glad you are interested in assisting our research. There is much to do, and I would be doing you a disservice if I informed you that the work this entails is not dangerous. Hopefully this will not scare you off... but from the looks of you, I take it that danger is something that you have dealt with before.","","","","",""
3785,"Morrowgrain Research","Here's your Evergreen Pouch that you'll need to use the Tharlendis seeds with.  You also need to have Un'Goro soil samples on hand to use as fertilizer for the seeds.  Just use the pouch when you have everything; the pouch will take care of the rest.$B$BWhen you have enough morrowgrain, bring them here to me in the enclave.  Please don't bother the Arch Druid; he's a very busy man, and he doesn't need to be disturbed every time someone returns with another batch of morrowgrain!","Use an Evergreen Pouch with a Packet of Tharlendis Seeds and two Un'Goro Soil samples to try and cultivate samples of Morrowgrain.$B$BBring 10 Morrowgrain to Mathrengyl Bearwalker in Darnassus.","Well done $N, I will be sure to give these to the Arch Druid himself when he has need of them. Meanwhile, please accept this as a token of the Cenarion Circle's appreciation.$b$bOur need for morrowgrain, for now, is constant; if you wish to continue aiding us, then please return when you have cultivated more of it.","","","","",""
3786,"Morrowgrain Research","Here's your Evergreen Pouch that you'll need to use the Tharlendis seeds with.  You also need to have Un'Goro soil samples on hand to use as fertilizer for the seeds.  Just use the pouch when you have everything; the pouch will take care of the rest.$B$BWhen you have enough morrowgrain, bring them to me here on Elder Rise.  Please don't bother the Arch Druid; he'll be very busy with the research, as well as the multitude of concerns he has!","Use an Evergreen Pouch with a Packet of Tharlendis Seeds and two Un'Goro Soil samples to try and cultivate samples of Morrowgrain.$B$BBring 10 Morrowgrain to Bashana Runetotem in Thunder Bluff.","Well done $N, I will be sure to give these to the Arch Druid himself when he has need of them. Meanwhile, please accept this as a token of the Cenarion Circle's appreciation.$B$BOur need for morrowgrain, for now, is constant; if you wish to continue aiding us, then please return when you have cultivated more of it.","","","","",""
3787,"Jonespyre's Request","Excuse me, friend...$B$BA colleague of mine would like to speak with you about the research you are doing in conjunction with the Cenarion Circle.  He is a druid by the name of Quintis Jonespyre, and he resides in Feathermoon Stronghold, Feralas.  He would like to confer with you about morrowgrain... and he very much would like for you to keep our discussion from the ears of the Arch Druid.$B$BIf you're interested, speak with him; no doubt, all will be revealed once you do.","Speak with Quintis Jonespyre in Feathermoon Stronghold.","I thank you for coming, weary traveler!  Allow me to introduce myself - I am Quintis Jonespyre, druid and humble servant of Malfurion and the Cenarion Circle.  My colleagues (General Shandris Feathermoon and the Protectorate - mayhap you've heard of us) and I wanted to talk with you about the work you are doing for Fandral Staghelm in Darnassus.$B$BBefore we get much further, I'd like to ask that our discussion stay between just us.  If you have no problem with this, then we may proceed.","","","","",""
3788,"Jonespyre's Request","Excuse me, friend...$B$BA colleague of mine would like to speak with you about the research you are doing in conjunction with the Cenarion Circle.  He is a druid by the name of Quintis Jonespyre, and he resides here in Feathermoon Stronghold.  He would like to confer with you about morrowgrain... and he very much would like for you to keep our discussion from the ears of the Arch Druid.$B$BIf you're interested, speak with him; no doubt, all will be revealed once you do.","Speak with Quintis Jonespyre in Feathermoon Stronghold.","I thank you for coming, weary traveler!  Allow me to introduce myself - I am Quintis Jonespyre, druid and humble servant of Malfurion and the Cenarion Circle.  My colleagues (General Shandris Feathermoon and the Protectorate - mayhap you've heard of us) and I wanted to talk with you about the work you are doing for Fandral Staghelm in Darnassus.$B$BBefore we get much further, I'd like to ask that our discussion stay between just us.  If you have no problem with this, then we may proceed.","","","","",""
3789,"Assisting Arch Druid Staghelm","Excuse me $c, but I'd like just a moment of your time if possible.$B$BThe Cenarion Circle in Darnassus is looking for seasoned adventurers such as yourself to lend them aid in a vital research project.  While I do not know the specifics, I can inform you that none other than Arch Druid Fandral Staghelm is spearheading this research.$B$BPlease - if you are interested, speak with him directly in the Cenarion Enclave within Darnassus proper.","Speak with Arch Druid Fandral Staghelm in Darnassus.","Well now, $C... since you were informed that I was leading this research myself, you obviously came as quickly as you could.$B$BNow that you are here, be sure to pay attention the first time I tell you the details; I have no desire to repeat myself.","","","","",""
3790,"Assisting Arch Druid Staghelm","Excuse me $c, but I'd like just a moment of your time if possible.$B$BThe Cenarion Circle in Darnassus is looking for seasoned adventurers such as yourself to lend them aid in a vital research project.  While I do not know the specifics, I can inform you that none other than Arch Druid Fandral Staghelm is spearheading this research.$B$BPlease - if you are interested, speak with him directly in the Cenarion Enclave within Darnassus proper.","Speak with Arch Druid Fandral Staghelm in Darnassus.","Well now, $c... since you were informed that I was leading this research myself, you obviously came as quickly as you could.$B$BNow that you are here, be sure to pay attention the first time I tell you the details; I have no desire to repeat myself.","","","","",""
3791,"The Mystery of Morrowgrain","Let me to be frank with you, $N.  I'm interested - nay, concerned with why the Arch Druid in Darnassus is using the name of the Cenarion Circle as well as the Circle's resources to procure vast amounts of morrowgrain.  I'm a researcher - curses are my specialty.  I've heard that morrowgrain, under the right conditions, exude qualities like other herbs used in primitive curses.$B$BI want to know more, and I ask for your help.  Bring me ten morrowgrain, and I will be sure to take care of you.","Bring 10 Morrowgrain to Quintis Jonespyre in Feathermoon Stronghold.","Gah, these morrowgrain make me feel... weird.  What in the name of Elune is Staghelm up to with these things?$B$BAnyway, thank you again for your help.  Here's a little something... you know, for the effort.  My research on morrowgrain is going to take a while, and I no doubt am going to need more.  While I'm at it, I suppose I could take the time to see if morrowgrain have some pertinent alchemical uses.  Still, I feel uncomfortable even being around them.","","","","",""
3792,"Morrowgrain to Feathermoon Stronghold","","","Thanks $N; I'll just store these out of the way for the time being.  While I don't command the resources that Staghelm does, I am able to give you a little something for your trouble.  Anyway, who knows what will happen if Staghelm keeps getting Morrowgrain after Morrowgrain.  There's something fishy going on, mark my words.$B$BRemember that I'm always looking for more Morrowgrain.  I'll take them in quantities of five at a time.","","","","",""
3801,"Dark Iron Legacy","Greetings, $N. I am Franclorn Forgewright. Yes, the Franclorn Forgewright responsible for the stonewrought method of architecture. You have undoubtedly passed through or stood upon one of my creations in your adventures across our war torn world.$B$BYou are probably wondering why I am here and what it is that I want from you - both valid questions.$B$BI need your assistance, of course. In exchange for your assistance, I shall grant you the key to the depths of my accursed city.","Speak with Franclorn Forgewright if you are interested in obtaining a key to the city major.","Whether it is greed which brought you here or an act of selfless devotion, what you are about to undertake is for the good of us all. ","","","","",""
3802,"Dark Iron Legacy","You will find Fineous Darkvire beyond the Ring of Law, in the Hall of Crafting. Kill the miserable cur and recover Ironfel.$B$BTake Ironfel to the Shrine of Thaurissan and place the hammer in its rightful place: In the hands of the statue erected in my honor.$B$BWhen this is done, the compartment in which I stored the master key will open. More importantly, Ironfel will remain forever in my grasp. Should they make an attempt to remove the hammer; both the statue and hammer will shatter, lost forever.","Slay Fineous Darkvire and recover the great hammer, Ironfel. Take Ironfel to the Shrine of Thaurissan and place it on the statue of Franclorn Forgewright.\
","The hammer slides firmly into place, within the grasp of the massive Dark Iron monument. A tiny compartment opens at the base of the statue. Inside you find...","","","","",""
3803,"Morrowgrain to Darnassus","","","Excellent - this morrowgrain will no doubt please the Arch Druid.  I must admit though... just being near them makes me feel a little uncomfortable.  I can only imagine how difficult it is for the Arch Druid to tolerate them in such large numbers!$B$BThis is for you, $N.  The Cenarion Circle thanks you for your continued support.","","","","",""
3804,"Morrowgrain to Thunder Bluff","","","Excellent - this morrowgrain will no doubt help when the time comes.  We know that the night elves are conducting similar research into these herbs, though it isn't clear to what end they will use them for if they discover anything.  The Arch Druid thinks that the need for morrowgrain will remain until we've figured out the mysteries behind this herb.$B$BThis is for you, $N.  The Cenarion Circle thanks you for your continued support.","","","","",""
3821,"Dreadmaul Rock","Sha'ni was sent to investigate reports of strange ritualistic activity coming from the Firegut ogres of the Burning Steppes over three weeks ago.$B$BGoretooth tells me that he hasn't heard from anyone in that platoon and that it's best that I move on and focus on the task at hand. Can you believe it? That's my wife!$B$BI can't leave my post, $N, but I must know what became of Sha'ni. Travel to the Burning Steppes and search for her.","Venture forth to the Burning Steppes and find out what became of Sha'ni Proudtusk.","My poor Thal'trak.$B$BWe were planning on moving in with my mother and father in the Hinterlands after our tours were over. Now those plans are ruined!","","","","",""
3822,"Krom'Grul","My whole platoon was captured, $N. All were slain - except me.$B$BTheir leader, Krom'Grul, wanted to save me for some sort of ritual.$B$BI was chained to this altar and brutalized by the beast. My physical being ceased functioning after an hour of this torture. The beast then ripped my wedding nose-ring off of my face and stuck it on his finger. I had never seen such savagery!$B$BFind Krom'Grul and kill him! Take my ring back to Thal'trak.$B$BAnd $N, tell him that we will meet again... in another life. ","Recover Sha'ni's Nose-Ring from Krom'Grul and return it to Thal'trak in Kargath. Search the various caves and mines in Dreadmaul Rock.\
","<Thal'trak collapses.>$B$BWe were going to move to the Hinterlands. Did she tell you? This was going to be her last mission.$B$B<Thal'trak sobs.>$B$BI don't want it, $N. Keep it, throw it away, I don't care! The ring means nothing to me now. Not without her...","","","","",""
3823,"Extinguish the Firegut","We must strike at our enemies before they strike at us!$B$BI'll make this brief, soldier.$B$BThe Firegut ogres of the Burning Steppes are allies of the Blackrock orcs. They work closely with those vile orcs, keeping the mineral rich Dreadmaul Rock guarded and the supply lines open at all times.$B$BLeave your mark, $N. Cripple their forces and return to me when the job is done.$B$B<Oralius grabs at the air and makes a choking motion.>$B$BI WILL KILL YOU, WINKY!","Slay 15 Firegut Ogre-Mages, 7 Firegut Ogres, and 7 Firegut Ogre Brutes, and return to Oralius when you are finished.","Outstanding, soldier! The orcs and ogres will be reeling from this blow for minutes, maybe even hours!","","","","",""
3824,"Gor'tesh the Brute Lord","They're reeling I tell you! Our next strike must be decisive.$B$BThe brute lord, Gor'tesh, must be slain. More importantly, his head must be returned to me so that I may prepare the third phase of our attack on the Firegut ogres.$B$BBe warned, soldier, Gor'tesh rules not from Dreadmaul Rock but from a Blackrock orc structure to the west of Dreadmaul Rock.$B$BYour orders, then, are simple. Find Gor'tesh and chop off his fat head. Return to me when the job is done.$B$BSHUT UP, WINKY!","Find Gor'tesh, somewhere to the west of Dreadmaul Rock. Kill Gor'tesh and then take Gor'tesh's Lopped Off Head back to Oralius in Burning Steppes.\
","Just look at it, soldier. Disgusting! When the remaining Firegut ogres see this fat mug stuck on a pike sitting at the top of their mountain, mass hysteria will ensue!$B$B<Oralius cackles wildly.>","","","","",""
3825,"Ogre Head On A Stick = Party","Just one last thing you must do, soldier.$B$BI've taken the liberty of putting Gor'tesh's head on a pike. Now all you have to do is take this head to the top of Dreadmaul Rock and stick it into the ground. Once you do that, watch as those cowardly ogres run for their lives! After you've had your fun, come back to me and I'll reward you for all of your hard work.$B$B<Oralius seems to be losing touch with reality.>","Take Gor'tesh's Lopped Off Head and place it at the top of Dreadmaul Rock. Look for a soft dirt mound to plant the pike.","Outstanding work, soldier! Simply amazing! Oh I'll get the medal of bravery for this, er, I mean you'll be rewarded handsomely for this!\
","","Gor'tesh Head Planted","","",""
3841,"An Orphan Looking For a Home","Oh, hello, $N. I'm so glad to see you again. How was your trip to Darnassus?$B$BWell, you'll be happy to know that we've made quite a bit of progress while you've been gone. We even saved a nest full of eggs. Unfortunately, the mother died before we got to her.$B$BSay, would you want one for a pet? They look to hatch soon, so they'll need a good $Gfather:mother;. What do you say?$B$BIf you're really interested, take one of the eggs to Quentin at the race tracks in Shimmering Flats. He'll tell you more.","Speak to Quentin in Thousand Needles.","Ah, a sprite darter egg, and one near maturation, if I'm not mistaken. Remarkable you've found one, let alone in this good a condition. They're rarely seen in Feralas these days. I understand there were various poachers in the area trying to capture and kill them for many reasons. Too bad really... such beautiful creatures when they reach adulthood.$B$BHow did you come across such a find?","","","","",""
3842,"A Short Incubation","The Moonweavers, huh? Most intriguing. I wish the sprite darters could truly appreciate what it means to have those two look after them. They are both quite capable.$B$BSo, they gave you the egg as a gift. Well, then you should be responsible for it for as long as you desire. It appears it's almost ready to hatch, but we should ensure it's healthy and no damage has been done to it.$B$BI only need two elixirs of fortitude for a small spell to protect the egg. I have the rest of the components here with me.","Bring 2 Elixir of Fortitudes to Quentin in Thousand Needles.","Wonderful. These will do nicely. Give me a moment to mix together my components and we shall see how well this egg is going to do.","","","","",""
3843,"The Newest Member of the Family","A magnificent specimen, $N. If this creature survives gestation, then it'll be a healthy pet indeed!$B$BThere is one last thing I would suggest doing if you plan on following through with this--head to Aerie Peak in the Hinterlands. Speak to a dwarf there named Agnar Beastamer, he's a master animal handler and should be able to guide you in the final steps of incubation.$B$BBut hurry, $N, this egg is fragile and will not last long without proper care.","Take your Fragile Sprite Darter Egg to the Hinterlands and speak to Agnar Beastamer, but hurry, you only have 1 hour to find him before the hatchling within the egg dies.","Well, well, well... I haven't seen one of these in a dragon's age. Faerie dragon, if I'm not mistaken... looks to be of the sprite darter variety. Excellent, excellent indeed.$B$BWell, if this little fella's gonna hatch and live to be strong and healthy, then we should get some food for it. Good ya got it to me in time.","","","","",""
3844,"It's a Secret to Everybody","A destroyed raft rests along the shoreline. Considering this is only a small pond, it is not clear as to how it ended up here, although looking at the trees tells you that the water level may not be constant.$B$BPerhaps a little exploration in the area might uncover more clues...","Look around in the pond for a clue about who this wrecked raft may belong to.","A water-logged pack rests at the bottom of the pond.","","","","",""
3845,"It's a Secret to Everybody"," Grabbing onto it, you pull the pack back to the shore. Perhaps if you examine the items inside the pack, you might find out more about who it belongs to.$B$BThere are a few stray travelers at Marshal's Refuge. Perhaps you might find out more there.","Examine the items inside the pack and bring them to their owner.","Oh... Yes, these things do look familiar... well, kind of...","","","","",""
3861,"CLUCK!","\"Cluck... cluck... cluck... BACAW!$B$BCluck... cluck... cluck.\"$B$BThe chicken looks up at you and then starts to scratch its claws into the ground. You think it is spelling out a word, but you are not sure what it is. Could it be... S-A-L-D-E-A-N? Before you can ask, the chicken turns away and goes about its business.","Find some Special Chicken Feed and return to your befriended chicken. When you find it, /cheer at it before trying to give it the Special Chicken Feed.","\"BACAW!!!\"$B$BThe chicken starts to gobble up the feed you put down.$B$BAfter a moment, the chicken looks around, startled. It uncomfortably shuffles back and forth. Is this chicken pregnant? You think you better check underneath it.",\N,\N,\N,\N,\N
3881,"Expedition Salvation","I don't know how you made it here, but you're a sight for sore eyes!  I'm Williden Marshal, and I lead a non-aligned expedition troupe.  Our latest and greatest endeavor has met with what seems like countless disasters, the most serious of which being that we underestimated the savagery of Un'Goro Crater!$B$BAs we fled our base camps in the southwestern and northeastern parts of the crater, we left behind vital supplies.  You look like you're capable enough - can you help us by getting them back?","Bring a Crate of Foodstuffs and Research Equipment to Williden Marshal in Un'Goro Crater.","You got both our foodstuff AND our research equipment back!  You've not only saved the expedition, you've also saved our lives.  I and the rest of my team can't thank you enough; we just might make it here for a while now thanks to you.$B$BWhile we don't have much, I'm certainly not going to leave you high and dry for the invaluable help you've given us.  Thank you, $N - you've got a friend in Marshal Expeditions!\
","","","","",""
3882,"Roll the Bones","You'd think that being chief digger for Marshal Expeditions means I like digging.  There might be worse things to do in this world... but none really leap to mind.$B$BWe were supposed to be digging in Terror Run - FANTASTIC name by the way - for dead stegodons and diemetradons.  Well, there are plenty of live ones there too!  Wil and Hol are still all about studying this death trap, so we need those dinosaur bones.  Between you and me though, bringing some from live ones will work out just as well.","Bring 8 Dinosaur Bones to Spark Nilminer in Un'Goro Crater.","Excellent, these should do the trick.  And now, if you'll permit me...$B$BTHANKS FOR DIGGING ALL OF THESE BONES OUT OF THE GROUND FOR US AND NOT HURTING THE NATIVE BEASTS IN ANY WAY.$B$BWhether you really did or didn't, I don't want to know.  Let's keep it that way, shall we?  Here - maybe this will keep your lips shut on the whole thing.  Anything to get out of here alive, I say!","","","","",""
3883,"Alien Ecology","Just because we've suffered a setback doesn't mean that research must stop!  We were investigating the Gorishi insects in the southern part of the crater before winding up here.  Their presence is alien to the ecology of Un'Goro, and we want to find out why.$B$BIn their hive network must be larval hatcheries.  You can identify these places by their hanging larval spawns.  Use this vial to take a sample of the hive wall near any of the hatcheries.  Bring it back to me for study, but be careful!","Use the Scraping Vial to collect a Hive Wall Sample from one of the Gorishi hive hatcheries in Un'Goro Crater.  Look for the chambers with the hanging larval spawns.$B$BBring the Hive Wall Sample to Hol'anyee Marshal in Un'Goro Crater.","Yes, this will do nicely.  You've been a great help... I wish I could give you more than this, but being virtually stranded in the middle of a savage land does limit what I can and cannot give.  Rest assured though - the research done here would not have been possible without your assistance!","","","","",""
3884,"Williden's Journal","You have uncovered a mangled journal.  Parts of it remain legible, with a Williden Marshal claiming ownership over the contents therein.  If the journal is accurate, then Williden may be found somewhere in the northern part of the Crater; according to the journal, he and his companions sought higher ground from the savage beasts of the Crater once their base camps were overrun.","Return the journal to Williden Marshal somewhere in Un'Goro Crater.","Well look at this - my journal!  I thought it was lost, much like almost everything else we brought into Un'Goro.  I thank you kindly for returning this to me!","","","","",""
3901,"Rattling the Rattlecages","You've shown your potential to the Forsaken under normal circumstances $N - now let's see you under pressure.$B$BThe Rattlecage skeletons, more mindless minions of the Lich King, are a tougher foe than the zombies you have faced thus far.  Again, thin their numbers and prove yourself to the Forsaken.  Do not tarry - when you are done, speak to me again.","Kill 12 Rattlecage Skeletons, and then return to Shadow Priest Sarvis in Deathknell when you are done.","I am finished with you, $N - you have shown yourself to be worthy of the freedom that you have been given.  Many will stand against you for what you have become, but know that no matter what they may try to do against us, we are free and will not be shackled again.$B$BTake these and be on your way.  You have much to accomplish, $c.","","","","",""
3902,"Scavenging Deathknell","You there!  If you're looking for something to make yourself useful, then listen up!$B$BWe need fresh out-of-the-ground recruits to head into Deathknell and search for any sort of useful equipment.  Most likely, they'll be in stacks of boxes.  We expect more recruits to be rising soon, and unless we want them to stumble about naked we had better get to scavenging!$B$BWell get to work, you miserable bag of bones!  I'm not going to reward those without some hustle.","Search Deathknell and the vicinity for 6 pieces of Scavenged Goods, and return them to Deathguard Saltain.","Great work $N, I knew you weren't useless.  Here - have one of the better items I've found out of the lots that have been collected so far.","","","","",""
3903,"Milly Osworth","You've shown yourself a dependable $c, $N.  Dependable, and not afraid to get your hands dirty, eh?$B$BI have a friend, Milly Osworth, who's in some trouble.  She's over with her wagon on the other side of the abbey, near the stable.  I'm sure she could use a pair of hands like yours.","Speak with Milly Osworth.","Oh, Deputy Willem told you to speak with me?  He's a brave man and always willing to help, but his duties keep him stuck at Northshire Abbey and I'm afraid the problem I have today is beyond him.$B$BPerhaps you can help me?","","","","",""
3904,"Milly's Harvest","A gang of brigands, the Defias, moved into the Northshire Vineyards while I was harvesting!  I reported it to the Northshire guards and they assured me they'd take care of things, but... I'm afraid for my crop of grapes!  If the Defias don't steal them then I fear our guards will trample them when they chase away the thugs.$B$BPlease, you must help me!  I gathered most of my grapes into buckets, but I left them in the vineyards to the southeast.$B$BBring me those crates!  Save my harvest!","Bring 8 crates of Milly's Harvest to Milly Osworth at Northshire Abbey.","Oh thank you, $N!  You saved my harvest!  And I hope you showed a few of those Defias that they can't cause trouble around here.$B$BWe might be short on guards these days, but we're lucky to have heroes like you to protect us!","","","","",""
3905,"Grape Manifest","Now that my crop is saved, take this Grape Manifest to Brother Neals.  He manages the store of food and drink in Northshire, and I'm sure he'll be delighted to hear that he has fresh grapes.$B$BYou'll find Brother Neals in the abbey, in the bell tower... where he likes to taste his wine.","Bring the Grape Manifest to Brother Neals in Northshire Abbey.","Let's see here...$B$BOh my!  Milly's grapes have been saved!  When she told me that brigands overran her vineyards I nearly despaired, but my faith in the Light did not waver!$B$BAnd through your bravery,  we now have grapes for more wine!  May the Light bless you, $n, and keep you safe!","","","","",""
3906,"Disharmony of Flame","The elders have felt a disturbance amongst the elements. The Dark Iron dwarves have summoned a foul spirit into our world that threatens to plague our lands with an eternal draught. This disharmony of flame must be investigated.$B$BTravel to Blackrock Mountain, through the Chasm of Flame, into the quarry. It is there that you shall find this lord of fire: Overmaster Pyron.$B$BEnd the disruption and return to me.","Travel to the quarry in Blackrock Mountain and slay Overmaster Pyron. Return to Thunderheart when you have completed this assignment.\
","This cannot be... it must not be. The destruction of Pyron has merely lifted a veil. Within the depths of Blackrock is a much more insidious source of corruption.$b$b","","","","",""
3907,"Disharmony of Fire","I can taste the foulness in the air that surrounds you, $N. There is another, hidden in the depths of Blackrock, who does control this foulness.$B$BThe wind and earth cry his name: Lord Incendius... but someone... something... commands this being. He is merely an emissary.$B$BFind him and discover where his master hides. Return to me when you have collected this information.\
","Enter Blackrock Depths and track down Lord Incendius. Slay him and return any source of information you may find to Thunderheart.\
","<Thunderheart clutches the Tablet of Kurniya.>$b$bRagnaros... here...$b$bThe elders were right to fear the corruption emanating from Blackrock Mountain. A general of the Old Gods! IN OUR WORLD! We must reassess our position here in Kargath. We must decide on whether we stay and fight or run for fear of a new sundering.$b$bBe weary of any further exploration in Blackrock Mountain, $N. A far greater evil than anything that exists in this world resides in those fiery depths.$b$b","","","","",""
3908,"It's a Secret to Everybody","You see, I have no idea how I ended up here. No one really knows -- it's a secret to everybody! I just can't seem to remember anything...$B$BThese items you brought to me, though... I am remembering something.$B$BMy sword. I am supposed to strengthen it somehow, but I'm really not sure why. Sorry I can't tell you more, but I just don't remember!$B$BAnyhoo, I do know where you can take it -- Donova Snowden in Winterspring. You'll find her by the hot springs. She can temper the sword by the pools there.","Take Linken's Sword to Donova Snowden in Winterspring.","Well, of course I can temper this sword. While I'm working, you can explain what took Linken so long to get this to me. He's not usually one to forget things...","","","","",""
3909,"The Videre Elixir","Now, what's this? Linken... FORGOT?$B$BOh, I see... Lost his memory...$B$BWell, here is his sword. It's not complete, though. I know of the one that can finish it, but... speaking with him may prove difficult.$B$BListen, I know of someone that will be able to help you. It's too much to explain right now, but you must somehow acquire a Videre Elixir. The only one I know that can help you with that is Gregan Brewspewer. He's hard to track down, but last I knew he was camping in the wilds of Feralas.","Seek out Gregan Brewspewer in northern Feralas. From him, learn how you may acquire the Videre Elixir, then return to Donova Snowden in Winterspring.","I'll need one vial to make sure that this is truly the elixir... Yes... This is the stuff. ","","","","",""
3912,"Meet at the Grave","This elixir will allow you to speak with one that you would not normally even see...$B$BTake the Videre elixir, along with Linken's sword, to the graveyard just outside Gadgetzan in Tanaris. Once there, drink the potion. You may be quite surprised at the results, but do not be alarmed.$B$BIn your \"other\" form, head due north until you reach the mountains. You'll find the one you need to speak with in one of the rocky crevices. His name is Gaeriyan.$B$BRemember, he will only speak to you in that form...","Go to the graveyard outside Gadgetzan, and use the Videre Elixir. Follow the rest of Donova's instructions to find Gaeriyan.","It has been long since any have come to talk with me...","","","","",""
3913,"A Grave Situation","If you return to the graveyard, $N, you will find a gravestone there... Not just any gravestone; this one will stand out from the others. Secrets lie within it.$B$BPush on the stone, and you will learn of these secrets...","Resurrect, then look for the gravestone that Gaeriyan told you to find.","You push on the stone firmly, and it slides away, revealing a small depression underneath it.$B$BPlacing Linken's Sword into the depression, you realize that it fits perfectly...","","","","",""
3914,"Linken's Sword","After a strong flash of light, you are able to pick up the sword again. It has been transformed!","Deliver Linken's Superior Sword to Linken in Un'Goro Crater.","My sword... It's finished!$B$BNow, if only I could remember why I needed this...$B$BHere, let me at least pay you for your work.","","","","",""
3921,"Wenikee Boltbucket","I think I might have broken that Samophlange.  That's not good, because I already told some colleagues in Undermine about it and they were very intrigued.  We must find a way to fix it!$B$BTake the broken samophlange to Wenikee Boltbucket, just south of Mor'shan Rampart, the horde outpost between the Barrens and Ashenvale.  She is very clever and inquisitive.  If you show her the samophlange I bet she'd jump at the chance to fix it.","Bring the Broken Samophlange to Wenikee Boltbucket.","Oh, what's this?  A samophlange, you say?  What's a samophlange??$B$BAh... but look at the way it moves when you handle it.  And there's the sound of intricate gears inside.  Oh my!  I want to fix it and see what it does, don't you??","","","","",""
3922,"Nugget Slugs","I want to fix this samophlange, but to do that I'm going to need some supplies.  I ran out of seventeen-point-five gauge nugget slugs and I'm going to need a bunch of those for the work ahead.$B$BThe closest place to get them is the Sludge Fen to the east.  The Venture Company usually keeps them in their tool buckets.  Go to the Sludge Fen and look in the tool buckets you find there, then return to me when you've gathered enough nugget slugs.","Bring 15 Nugget Slugs to Wenikee Boltbucket in the Barrens.","Great, you got them!  Now I can get to work...","","","","",""
3923,"Rilli Greasygob","Well, that didn't work.  I put some extra gauges on the samophlange to measure its structural integrity, and they read the integrity at an all-time low.  I could add some more dials and maybe a lever or two to try and fix it, but... I think that might make things even worse.$B$BYou should take the samophlange to Rilli Greasygob.  He used to work for the Venture Company -- if anyone knows how to fix it, it's Rilli.$B$BYou can find him at Nogg's Machine Shop in Orgrimmar, in the Valley of Honor.","Bring the Broken and Battered Samophlange to Rilli Greasygob in Orgrimmar.","What's this?  Why, it's a samophlange!  Where did you get this thing?  Have you been poking around the Venture Company holdings in the Barrens?$B$BYou must be very brave, or very stupid.","","","","",""
3924,"Samophlange Manual","I think I can fix the samophlange, but I'm going to need the user's manual first.  When I was in the Venture Company I had a rival, Boss Copperplug, who hoarded the secrets of the samophlange, giving out small bits of knowledge on the device to those he trusted.  I wasn't one of the trusted few...$B$BBoss Copperplug used to stay at the Boulder Lode Mine in northeastern Barrens.  Get the manual from him, and if he's given pages from it to anyone, you'll have to collect them too.","Bring the Samophlange Manual to Rilli Greasygob in Orgrimmar.","You got the manual! I can't wait to read it and find out how to fix the Samophlange! I spoke with Sputtervalve in Ratchet--he wanted to thank you for your help, and wanted to reward your efforts.$B$BI want to thank you too, and if I ever get this thing fixed I'll let you know...","","","","",""
3941,"A Gnome's Assistance","Thinking... Thinking... I know I came here for something important...$B$BI have an idea, $N. In the cave over there is a gnome named J.D. that was very kind to me when I first arrived here. Perhaps in my disoriented state, I might have mentioned something to her.$B$BWhy don't you go ask her if she knows anything? Oh, but be careful -- she's always messing with those crazy glowing crystals I've seen in the crater. I'm not quite sure what she's up to in there!","Find J.D. Collie in the cave at Marshal's Refuge.","Stay where you are for just a moment... I am testing out a new combination of crystals...","","","","",""
3942,"Linken's Memory","Oh... Linken? Yeah, he's a funny one. When he first got here, he was mumbling about all kinds of strange things. Probably got bumped on the head pretty hard, I imagine.$B$BSomething he said kinda stuck with me though -- that he was making some sort of totem; said he had to talk to someone named Eridan Bluewind... in a place called Felwood, I think?$B$BI doubt he could tell you much now, though. If you want to know more, maybe you should look for Eridan yourself?","Find Eridan Bluewind in southern Felwood.","Hello, $c. Is there something I can help you with?","","","","",""
3961,"Linken's Adventure","To think all this time that the reason Linken came here was to rid us of Blazerunner... He seems like such an ordinary guy, but I did notice that he's not at all interested in any of my experiments or gadgets like most gnomes would be. He must be a true warrior at heart.$B$BBring the totem to him. See if that helps him remember why he came here.","Take the Silver Totem of Aquementas to Linken in Marshal's Refuge.","Did J.D. help you at all?","","","","",""
3962,"It's Dangerous to Go Alone","$N, I finally remember now... I did come here to fight Blazerunner. I was on a journey, and this was to be the last step.$B$BBut I am no longer the hero... You are. All that you have done -- you must finish this now, not me.$B$BBlazerunner guards an artifact called the Golden Flame. It provides power more vast than anything else I have ever known, and it is dangerous in the hands of one with an evil heart.$B$BYou will want to bring others with you -- it's dangerous to go alone. Take this as my advice.","Travel to Fire Plume Ridge, south of Marshal's Refuge.$B$BFind Blazerunner and use the totem to remove his protective aura. Once he has been defeated, acquire the Golden Flame from the cave.","Thank you, $N.$B$BThe Golden Flame will now be returned back to my homeland, where it may be protected, never again to be used for evil.$B$BWithout you, I'd still have no idea who I am! Since you did so much for me, I'd like you to have something special...$B$BTake any one you want!","","","","",""
3981,"Commander Gor'shak","Poor Gargal... didn't even see it coming. WHAM! The arrow landed dead center on the top of his head. He was no genius before but now...$B$B<Galamav grimaces.>$B$BWhen we dislodged the arrow, we noticed a rolled up note attached to the shaft. On the note was a crudely drawn picture of an orc behind bars with the signature of Commander Gor'shak attached.$B$BIf he's still alive in the Depths, you'll have to find him.$B$BA trap you say? Well no kidding, numb hooves! That's why you're going!\
","Find Commander Gor'shak in Blackrock Depths.$B$BYou recall that the crudely drawn picture of the orc included bars drawn over the portrait. Perhaps you should search for a prison of some sort.","We haven't got much time. Listen carefully, $R. What I have to tell you is classified and for your ears only.","","","","",""
3982,"What Is Going On?","I was sent here under the auspices of Thrall. Do you actually think these buffoons could capture me? I allowed myself to be captured so that I could gather intelligence.$B$B<Gor'shak whispers.>$B$BThe Princess of Ironforge has been kidnapped by Emperor Thaurissan. Princess Bronzebeard is in this very city! I bet old Magni's heart almost stopped when he heard that news.$B$B<Gor'shak laughs.>$B$BShhh! Do you hear that? Guards coming! DEFEND YOURSELF!","Defend Gor'shak.","That was a close call. They have been alerted to your presence... more will surely come.","Survive the Onslaught","","","",""
4001,"What Is Going On?","So far, my communication with the dwarf, Kharan, in the cell across the hall, has been limited. I have, however, managed to convince him that I, rather -we- mean him no harm.$B$BGo speak with him and gather as much information about the Princess and her captors as possible. Take that information back to the Warchief.$B$BThrall does not want the Princess harmed, but instead, has some grand plan laid out, which includes her being safely returned to Ironforge. Kharan already knows all of this... Go!\
","Speak with Kharan Mighthammer and gather information about Princess Moira Bronzebeard's kidnapping. Take that information to Thrall in Orgrimmar.$B$BYou recall Gor'shak mentioning that Kharan is being held in a cell nearby.\
","This is a chance for the Horde to change the political climate of our war torn world forever. Listen carefully, $N.$B$BFailure of this mission is not an option.","Information Gathered from Kharan","","","",""
4002,"The Eastern Kingdoms","You bring excellent information, $N.$B$BAs Warchief, it is my duty to do what is best for the Horde. To ensure that the generations that come after us are not forced into a hopeless existence.$B$BThe opportunity to shape our future alliances has fallen into our collective laps. A move to help the dwarves could greatly strengthen our relationships in the Eastern Kingdoms. This, then, is why you must not fail!$B$BAre you prepared?","Speak with Thrall if you are prepared to take on the mission he has planned.","There is no going back beyond this point, $N.","","","","",""
4003,"The Royal Rescue","This strike against the Dark Iron dwarves, if successful, will send a shockwave throughout their entire kingdom.$B$BPrincess Bronzebeard is under the control of Emperor Thaurissan. To free her, you must kill the Emperor. Be warned, your task is doubly dangerous, as Bronzebeard will attack you without question while under the control of the Emperor.$B$BDO NOT HARM HER!","Slay Emperor Dagran Thaurissan and free Princess Moira Bronzebeard from his evil spell. \
","What have you done!","","","","",""
4004,"The Princess Saved?","You have slain my husband, $r! My child will be born into this world without a father.$B$B<Princess Moira points directly at you.>$B$BI assure you, this child will be the next ruler of the kingdom of Ironforge. You and your kind shall be hunted down until the end of days for this wrongful act.$B$B<You think that Princess Moira may be suffering from the residual effect of Thaurissan's spell.>$B$BLeave me be, $r. I am certain your warchief will be eager to hear the results of his meddling.\
","Return to Thrall!\
","<Thrall is taken aback by the information you have presented to him.>$B$BA new threat now looms on the horizon. As Magni's years dwindle down, the way shall be opened for this unborn Dark Iron to become ruler of Ironforge.$B$BYou have accomplished what I asked of you and for that, you shall be rewarded.$B$BNow leave me, $N! I must confer with Sylvanas and Cairne.","","","","",""
4005,"Aquementas","Take this bag of supplies with you to Tanaris. Travel to Lost Rigger Cove, and look for a circle of stones.$B$BThe eastmost peninsula is the secret...$B$BFrom this circle only, read from the book of Aquor; summon the only creature that can transform the items you collected into a totem to fight Blazerunner.$B$BAquementas will not be pleased to be awakened, but remember, you must remain in the circle for him to transform the items.","Take the Book of Aquor, the Silvery Claws, and the Irontree Heart to Tanaris.$B$BUse the Book of Aquor to summon Aquementas.$B$BAfter you have the completed totem, take it to J.D. Collie in Marshal's Refuge.","Blazerunner, you say...$B$BYes, I am aware that a strong elemental resides in the charred center of the crater. We all just keep our distance; none have been able to penetrate the powerful aura that surrounds him. Many have been pushed from the rocky paths onto the ground below when trying to face him.","","","","",""
4021,"Counterattack!","The Horde commends your successes against the Kolkar, but the Kolkar themselves are maddened.  I have reports that a contingent of Kolkar has traveled to the Barrens from their home in Desolace, to seek vengeance.  My latest report was that, even now, they move against these bunkers, from the west!$B$BFace the Kolkar invaders, and end their threat in the Barrens.  Kill them until their leader, Warlord Krom'zar, appears.  Defeat him and bring me a piece of his banner as proof.$B$BWe're counting on you, $N.","Bring a Piece of Krom'zar's Banner to Regthar Deathgate, west of the Crossroads.","You have done it! You have defeated the Kolkar!$B$BI will be sure Thrall receives word of your actions here, $N.$B$BStand tall. You do yourself, and the Horde, proud.","","","","",""
4022,"A Taste of Flame","The flight is aware of your work in the Searing Gorge.$B$BShow it to me, $r. The molt, imbecile.","Show Cyrus Therepentous the Black Dragonflight Molt you received from Kalaran Windblade.\
","<Cyrus examines the molt.>$B$BYou have proven that you are not entirely useless, mortal.\
","Proof Presented","","","",""
4023,"A Taste of Flame","You seek out the Flight? Present to me proof of your worth, mortal.","Show Cyrus Therepentous proof of your worth.$B$BYou have a feeling that Cyrus already knows that you are unworthy.","<Cyrus examines the molt.>$B$BYou have proven that you are not entirely useless, mortal.","","","","",""
4024,"A Taste of Flame","I wish to taste the searing flames of the mountain of fire. To let the molten fires of Blackrock cascade across my being. That essence, that searing heat, it is what I crave.$B$BBael'Gar resides in the Depths of Blackrock: A being of pure flame, born of the fires of Ragnaros. Slay Bael'Gar and from his smoldering remains bring for me a piece of his inner fire.$B$BUse the molt on his remains to safely extract the inner flame.$B$BSucceed and be rewarded.","Travel to Blackrock Depths and slay Bael'Gar.$B$BYou only know that the giant resides inside Blackrock Depths. Remember to use the Altered Black Dragonflight Molt on Bael'Gar's remains to capture the Fiery Essence.$B$BReturn the Encased Fiery Essence to Cyrus Therepentous.\
","<Cyrus snatches the fiery essence from your hands.>$B$BYES!$B$BTake your prize and be gone. Leave my sight at once!","","","","",""
4041,"The Videre Elixir","","","So, you pulled a fast one on ol' Miblon, eh?","","","","",""
4061,"The Rise of the Machines","The machines made themselves known to us during our initial forays into the Searing Gorge. Upon further investigation we discovered that they were being imported from Burning Steppes, possibly Blackrock Depths. That is what we need you for, $N.$B$BYour first task is to venture to the Burning Steppes and recover elemental shards from the rock automatons and lesser rock creations of the region. Once you have collected a sufficient amount, return to me and I shall determine their source of origin.\
","Venture to the Burning Steppes and recover 10 Fractured Elemental Shards for Hierophant Theodora Mulvadania.$B$BYou recall Theodora mentioning the golems and elementals of that region as being a source for these shards.","<Theodora lays the fragments out before her.>$b$b<Theodora carefully examines the fragments with an enormous monocle.>$b$bInteresting. Etched into the structural foundation of each of these fragments are... initials.$b$b","","","","",""
4062,"The Rise of the Machines","G.L.A.$B$BThose are the 'initials' imprinted on the elemental shards. Below the initials are a rank marking of some sort. The machinations you destroyed in the Burning Steppes were of 'Rank IV.' I assume that this is a lowly rank.$B$BTake this shard sample to Lotwil Veriatus in the camp to the east. He is a scholar of some renown in the field of elemental sciences. He may be able to assist us in our search.","Take the Elemental Shard Sample to Lotwil Veriatus.$B$BYou recall Theodora saying that Lotwil was stationed in a camp to the east.\
","<Lotwil's face turns white.>$b$bI... I know these markings.","","","","",""
4063,"The Rise of the Machines","This can't be Argelmach! Argelmach was killed ten years ago. How can I be sure? I was the one who killed him.$B$BHe was a despicable dwarf, hell-bent on twisting my life's work to meet his diabolical needs. It seems that the wicked always find a way to escape justice.$B$BIf this is Argelmach's handiwork then he must be destroyed. I will need samplings of his latest creations. With the proper samples, I may be able to stop this uprising. The creations guard Argelmach in Blackrock Depths.","Find and slay Golem Lord Argelmach. Return his head to Lotwil. You will also need to collect 10 Intact Elemental Cores from the Ragereaver Golems and Warbringer Constructs protecting Argelmach. You know this because you are psychic. ","What is this?!? This head is not flesh. This is some sort of dark iron creation: A shadow of Argelmach - ANOTHER machine! I suspect that your destruction of Argelmach will be short lived as another shall rise to take 'its' place soon.","","","","",""
4081,"KILL ON SIGHT: Dark Iron Dwarves","By order of Warlord Goretooth, commander of the Kargath Expeditionary Force:$B$BAny and all of General Angerforge's forces within Blackrock Depths must be annihilated.$B$BAngerforge's men are ruthless killers, responsible for the mass murder of the 109th division of the Kargath Expeditionary Force. Heroes are warned to exercise extreme caution when confronting these brutes.$B$BAny person who destroys the first line of General Angerforge's forces in Blackrock Depths shall receive a tribute.","Venture to Blackrock Depths and destroy the vile aggressors!$B$BWarlord Goretooth wants you to kill 15 Anvilrage Guardsmen, 10 Anvilrage Wardens and 5 Anvilrage Footmen. Return to him once your task is complete.\
","This first strike should put a crease in Angerforge's pants. Now, move along soldier. I have work to complete, battles to plan, enemies to crush!$B$BCheck the wanted signs for more work.","","","","",""
4082,"KILL ON SIGHT: High Ranking Dark Iron Officials","By order of Warlord Goretooth, commander of the Kargath Expeditionary Force:$B$BHead of the K.E.F. reconnaissance division, Grandmaster Lexlort, has returned with news of the whereabouts of high ranking Dark Iron officials. Through locked gate, near the heart of the city, they train their forces to snuff out our men. Travel to Blackrock Depths and destroy them!$B$BCompletion of this mission will result in a tribute.\
","Venture to Blackrock Depths and destroy the vile aggressors!$B$BWarlord Goretooth wants you to kill 10 Anvilrage Medics, 10 Anvilrage Soldiers and 10 Anvilrage Officers. Return to him once your task is complete.","Angerforge is undoubtedly... angry. Return to me when you receive a third tribute and we shall proceed with Operation: Death to Angerforge. I cannot go into any detail of what this entails, but rest assured, it involves somebody dying.","","","","",""
4083,"The Spectral Chalice","","","The spectral chalice floats in the air, slowing rising and falling... as if to the beat of a dying heart.","","","","",""
4084,"Silver Heart","I do not know the one you speak of, $N.$B$BBut worry not; if your friend was on a journey to find me, I do know what it was he desired.$B$BIn the heart of Un'Goro Crater dwells evil of the purest form. This evil takes the shape of an elemental called Blazerunner... protected by an aura that none can dispel...$B$BNone... except those with enough power to do so. I can teach you of this power, $N.$B$BFirst, do as I ask. Collect 11 Silvery Claws and 1 Irontree Heart from the creatures in Felwood, then return.","Collect 11 Silvery Claws and 1 Irontree Heart for Eridan Bluewind in Felwood.","Very well, $N. I can see you are serious about helping your friend.","","","","",""
4101,"Cleansing Felwood","Plants give life to Felwood, yet even they suffer the taint of corruption.  I know ways to cleanse them, but I cannot give out such knowledge to those I don't know or trust.  Prove to me that you will truly aid the cause of the Cenarion Circle!$B$BTo the north lie the Irontree Caverns.  The Warpwood elementals present there are now beyond hope of cleansing.  I ask you to bring me their sap - blood amber it is called - so I may study it in the hopes of saving other forms of life here.","Bring 15 Blood Amber to Arathandris Silversky in Felwood.","This blood amber will be used to find a means of defeating the corruption present in Felwood.  You've proven to me that you're willing to do whatever it takes for the Cenarion Circle.  I trust you now, friend.$B$BIt might seem odd that killing the elementals proved yourself to me, but the end of saving countless sentient beings must justify the means we take.  You and I can now focus on the preservation of life through the salves I can make.$B$B$N, the time has come to cleanse Felwood.","","","","",""
4102,"Cleansing Felwood","Plants give life to Felwood, yet even they suffer the taint of corruption.  I know ways to cleanse them, but I cannot give out such knowledge to those I don't know or trust.  Prove to me that you will truly aid the cause of the Cenarion Circle!$B$BTo the north lie the Irontree Caverns.  The Warpwood elementals present there are now beyond hope of cleansing.  I ask you to bring me their sap - blood amber it is called - so I may study it in the hopes of saving other forms of life here.","Bring 15 Blood Amber to Maybess Riverbreeze in Felwood.","This blood amber will be used to find a means of defeating the corruption present in Felwood.  You've proven to me that you're willing to do whatever it takes for the Cenarion Circle.  I trust you now, friend.$B$BIt might seem odd that killing the elementals proved yourself to me, but the end of saving countless sentient beings must justify the means we take.  You and I can now focus on the preservation of life through the salves I can make.$B$B$N, the time has come to cleanse Felwood.","","","","",""
4103,"Salve via Hunting","","","Very well then, here are your Cenarion plant salves.  Scour Felwood for corrupted plants, $N!  Wherever they are, use the salve I have given you to purify them. ","","","","",""
4104,"Salve via Mining","","","Very well then, here's some Cenarion plant salve. If you find more vitriol when you mine in Felwood, remember to hold on to it for me! The more of it you find, the more salve I will be able to make.","","","","",""
4105,"Salve via Gathering","","","Excellent work $n - every bit of this, once we purify it, will help us take back Felwood. Here, take some doses of Cenarion plant salve and head into the forest. The reclaiming of the land from the corruption waits for no $r!","","","","",""
4106,"Salve via Skinning","","","This is exactly what I need. Here - take these plant salves and use them to reclaim Felwood from the corruption. We must persevere, $n!","","","","",""
4107,"Salve via Disenchanting","","","Here are some Cenarion plant salves - I only need one lesser nether essence for this, $n. Essence is by far the most potent item I can make use of to turn swords into plowshares, as it were. If you need more salve, then find me here!","","","","",""
4108,"Salve via Hunting","","","Very well then, here are your Cenarion plant salves. Scour Felwood for corrupted plants, $n! Wherever they are, use the salve I have given you to purify them.",\N,"","","",""
4109,"Salve via Mining","","","Very well then, here's some Cenarion plant salve. If you find more vitriol when you mine in Felwood, remember to hold on to it for me! The more of it you find, the more salve I will be able to make.",\N,"","","",""
4110,"Salve via Gathering","","","Excellent work $n - every bit of this, once we purify it, will help us take back Felwood. Here, take some doses of Cenarion plant salve and head into the forest. The reclaiming of the land from the corruption waits for no $r!",\N,"","","",""
4111,"Salve via Skinning","","","This is exactly what I need. Here - take these plant salves and use them to reclaim Felwood from the corruption. We must persevere, $n!",\N,"","","",""
4112,"Salve via Disenchanting","","","Here are some Cenarion plant salves - I only need one lesser nether essence for this, $n. Essence is by far the most potent item I can make use of to turn swords into plowshares, as it were. If you need more salve, then find me here!",\N,"","","",""
4113,"Corrupted Songflower","","","You apply some Cenarion plant salve to the songflower. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4114,"Corrupted Songflower","","","You apply some Cenarion plant salve to the songflower. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4115,"Corrupted Windblossom","","","You apply two Cenarion plant salves to the windblossom. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4116,"Corrupted Songflower","","","You apply some Cenarion plant salve to the songflower. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4117,"Corrupted Whipper Root","","","You apply 3 Cenarion Plant Salves to the Whipper Root. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4118,"Corrupted Songflower","","","You apply some Cenarion plant salve to the songflower. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4119,"Corrupted Night Dragon","","","You apply 4 Cenarion Plant Salves to the Night Dragon. It immediately begins to shed it's corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4120,"The Strength of Corruption","Being a hunter, I strive to emulate the strengths I see in my opponents. It is possible to turn the battle in your favor by simply knowing your enemy well, $N.$B$BIn a place called Felwood, north of Ashenvale, the creatures have been tainted by a substance called fel. The bears and wolves have been driven mad by it, but I believe that they have also grown even stronger as well.$B$BGo, $N. Travel to Felwood and face these beasts. Learn for yourself if they are truly as strong as I believe.","Talo Thornhoof at Camp Mojache in Feralas wants you to kill 12 Angerclaw Grizzlies and 12 Felpaw Ravagers in Felwood.","It sounds from your descriptions as if the creatures show a mindless ferocity...$b$bStay alert, $N. It would be in your best interest to learn more of the corruption. Always know your enemy.","","","","",""
4121,"Precarious Predicament","Do you truly believe that you will make it to your rendezvous point with me in custody? You actually expected to break into a heavily fortified Blackrock fortress to capture a prized asset of theirs without alerting anyone or anything to your presence?$B$BYou will be destroyed!\
","Escort your prisoner, Grark Lorkrub, through Burning Steppes and through Blackrock Mountain to the Searing Gorge.$B$BYou recall Lexlort mentioning that he would have his men waiting on the other side to take Grark into custody.$B$BYou will also be required to hand over your Thorium Shackles to Lexlort.","Your heroics will not go unrecognized, $N. You have earned this tribute. The Warlord will speak with you now in regards to the final mission.","Prisoner Transport","","","",""
4122,"Grark Lorkrub","I tracked him across the Searing Gorge, through the mountain, and into the Burning Steppes. That traitor was caught red-handed giving the Blackrock orcs vital information about our day to day operations. I'm speaking of Grark Lorkrub.$B$BHe now sits in the Burning Steppes, safely under their protection - or so he thinks.$B$BTake these shackles, $N. Find Grark, place the shackles on him and lead him through Blackrock Mountain. Do this and a tribute is yours.\
","Travel to the Burning Steppes and find Grark Lorkrub. You recall Lexlort mentioning that he was last seen in a massive Blackrock fortress.$B$BWhen you find Grark Lorkrub, use the Thorium Shackles to bind him and then lead him back through Blackrock Mountain to the Searing Gorge. Lexlort will have his men waiting on the other side to take Grark into custody.\
","Can you not see the power we gain by joining the legion of Blackrock? ","","","","",""
4123,"The Heart of the Mountain","For years I have sought a certain gem.  It is called the Heart of the Mountain and it's the size of your fist!  The Dark Iron dwarves have it locked in their vault and, try as I may, they won't let me purchase it.$B$BSo I must resort to force.$B$BFight your way to the Lower Vault of Blackrock Depths, breach its secret safe and gain the Heart.  To do that, you must defeat Watchman Doomgrip, and he won't appear until you've opened every relic coffer in the vault!$B$BGood luck.","Bring the Heart of the Mountain to Maxwort Uberglint in the Burning Steppes.","You have the heart!  Amazing!  It is even more beautiful than I imagined!$B$BPlease, $N, take this as payment!","","","","",""
4124,"The Missing Courier","An associate of mine, Ginro Hearthkindle, is looking for assistance concerning the location of a courier and the parcels he was carrying.  It has been a week or so since the courier went missing; our own searches have proved fruitless, and we're at an impasse.  Unfortunately, I have had to declare the courier as missing in action.$B$BIf you have the time and resources to spare, please speak with Ginro.  He should be here in the Stronghold - perhaps in his quarters.","Speak with Ginro Hearthkindle in Feathermoon Stronghold.","Latro sent you to me, I presume.  While I think it is a lost cause at this point, I'll take whatever assistance you can offer.  I must admit... I'll be glad once I can put my mind to rest on this matter.  Every day I set out into the wilds of Feralas looking for signs of Raschal, and every night I have come back with nothing to show for my work save gnoll teeth and disappointment.","","","","",""
4125,"The Missing Courier","It's been about a week since Raschal, the courier, set out for Thalanaar.  He knows Feralas well; he's been with us since General Feathermoon led the expeditionary forces here.  I know his plan was to take a row boat down the coast and try and traverse across southern Feralas to avoid the Horde camp.$B$BI couldn't find his boat, but maybe you can.  Maybe it is hidden, or maybe it was sunk.  Regardless, it might hold a clue as to where he is.  If you uncover something, please let me know.","Locate the courier's boat somewhere along the coast of Feralas.","You have found what appears to be a wrecked row boat.  Through the slightly muddy water you see gaping holes riddling the port side; the boat is nearly shredded down to its simple wooden frame.  Whatever broke this boat most likely tried to snap it in two.  A small crest of the Feathermoon Stronghold is painted on the starboard side.$B$BIn the mud at the base of the boat, a glint of something metallic catches your eye...","","","","",""
4126,"Hurley Blackbreath","The Dark Iron dwarves, led by the villain Hurley Blackbreath, stole one of the Thunderbrew's best recipes, Thunderbrew Lager.  The villains!  They don't deserve such a fine brew!$B$B$N, I have a tough task for you.  Go to the Blackrock Depths in the Burning Steppes, destroy any kegs of Thunderbrew Lager you find, and bring back our recipe for Thunderbrew Lager!$B$BPlease, get that recipe back, even if you have to turn Blackrock Depths upside down to do it!","Bring the Lost Thunderbrew Recipe to Ragnar Thunderbrew in Kharanos.","You found it!  Well done!  And I hope you gave those Dark Irons, and Hurley Blackbreath, a good thumping!$B$BThe Thunderbrews are at your service, $N.  You are a hero of heroes!","","","","",""
4127,"Boat Wreckage","Running your hand along the mud, your fingers graze the handle of a knife.  It looks well cared for, and it might be safe to assume that whoever was on the boat might have lost it.  Perhaps the large chunk of the missing boat might have something to do with the loss.$B$BYou grab the knife, remembering that Ginro Hearthkindle in the Feathermoon Stronghold instructed you to return to him with any found clues.  You get the feeling, however, that you are not quite alone in the water...","Return to Feathermoon Stronghold and show Ginro Hearthkindle the Discarded Knife you have found.","Interesting... I believe that this is Raschal's knife.  You say you found it at the bottom of the water, along with his boat?  Well, just the knife's discovery might not be enough to connect this to Raschal's disappearance; we do, however, have an unconventional option available to us to try and learn more.$B$BHave you ever heard of psychometry?","","","","",""
4128,"Ragnar Thunderbrew","Ho, $n.  I heard that Ragnar Thunderbrew is steaming mad about someone stealing his ale.  He's looking for stalwart adventurers, and willing to pay plenty.$B$BTalk to Ragnar if you're interested.  He's at the Thunderbrew Distillery in Kharanos, in Dun Morogh.","Speak with Ragnar Thunderbrew.","You're right I'm mad!  I've been robbed!  Robbed of one of our family recipes!  How dare they!  As if I didn't have enough cause to hate the Dark Iron dwarves!  Now, oh... now they're in for it!","","","","",""
4129,"The Knife Revealed","The Stronghold's resident druid, Quintis Jonespyre, has some... unusual skills.  One of them involves psychometry - the ability to reveal an item's history by touch.  Don't ask me how he does it; I chalk it up to magic I do not and choose not to understand.  I do know, however, two things: one, I've seen it work and two, the bum owes me.$B$BTake the knife up to Quint in his little tree-house here, and tell him for me that his Kalimdor Hold 'Em debt will be paid if he works his mojo on that knife.","Take the Discarded Knife to Quintis Jonespyre in Feathermoon Stronghold.","Thank you, $N.$B$BWhile psychometry isn't an exact art by any stretch of the imagination, I've used it in times past to give insight into situations that others have chalked up to lost causes.  I think using it on the knife you've uncovered will give us a glimpse into what happened to Raschal.$B$BIt will only take a moment to do, but it isn't what I'd call a caster-friendly task.  Bear with me on this.","","","","",""
4130,"Psychometric Reading","I'm a little wobbly still, sorry.  Anyway, I received some useful visions.$B$BRaschal takes two large leather backpacks from his boat and goes inland; he returns to the boat, however.  I see gnoll scalps... he ran into some gnolls - Woodpaw I think they're called.  He's very worried - almost terrified - about something.  So much so, that he is not paying attention to water elementals forming behind him.  The images... stop there.$B$BI need to rest, sorry $N.  Tell Gin what I've seen.  He needs to know.","Speak with Ginro Hearthkindle in Feathermoon Stronghold.","Thanks for passing along Quint's visions to me, $N.  I'll try to remember to be a little easier on him the next time we play cards.$B$BRaschal can hold his own in a fight, and gnolls aren't anything that would get him worried - nay, terrified.  Still, maybe you and yours can act on this new information and make the breakthrough we desperately need.","","","","",""
4131,"The Woodpaw Gnolls","Our \"friends\" the Woodpaw might have gotten Raschal in the end, but something tells me that's not what occurred.  Still, they're the best place to start looking.$B$BI wish I had clearer insight as to what to do, but all I have right now is 'Search the Woodpaw camps - go.'  I do know that gnolls will keep items they scavenge and fight over them; maybe they ran across the backpacks Quint mentioned.  I hadn't risked a head-on fight in past searches, but with Quint's vision on this I say rip into them.","Search the Woodpaw Gnoll camps of southern Feralas for evidence of the courier's belongings or the courier himself.","Tacked up on a nearby tree are two large leather backpacks.  Each bears a small insignia of the Feathermoon Stronghold on the front of the pack...","","","","",""
4132,"Operation: Death to Angerforge","You have done an exemplary job, $N. It is now time to send you on your last mission.$B$BGeneral Angerforge, the Dark Iron responsible for coordinating the attacks on the 109th division of the K.E.F. and the mass slaughter of our forces must be brought to justice.$B$BThis will undoubtedly be your most grueling mission, but should you succeed, you will be richly rewarded.\
","Travel to Blackrock Depths and slay General Angerforge! Return to Warlord Goretooth when the task is complete.","Finally! The villain been brought to justice! You are a remarkable individual, $N. Wear this medallion as a symbol of your stalwart dedication to the Horde and the K.E.F.","","","","",""
4133,"Vivian Lagrave","Shadowmaster Vivian Lagrave is in need of your services.  She is in the Badlands, in the orcish outpost of Kargath, pursuing rumors of a certain brew made by the Dark Iron dwarves of Blackrock Depths.$B$BSpeak with Vivian.  She awaits you.","Speak with Shadowmaster Vivian Lagrave in Kargath.","Thank you for coming, $N. This place is not without a stark charm, but is lacks the amenities of the Apothecarium.$b$bEnough with the pleasantries. To business, yes?","","","","",""
4134,"Lost Thunderbrew Recipe","It is rumored that the Dark Iron Hurley Blackbreath has stolen a recipe for ale.  This ale, Thunderbrew Lager, is said to infuse its imbiber with great strength and courage.  We wish to study the drink.  Perhaps, we will find other applications for its virtues... applications more in line with Forsaken objectives.$B$BDelve into Blackrock Depths, find Hurley, take from him the recipe for Thunderbrew lager and bring it to me.$B$BAnd to find him, you may have to entice him by threatening his precious ale.","Bring the Lost Thunderbrew Recipe to Vivian Lagrave in Kargath.","Very good. I will send this recipe to the Apothecarium to be studied, and in time we will unlock its secrets. One day, the dwarves of the Alliance may find the virtues of this drink used against them!$b$bI find that terribly amusing. Perhaps death has an affect on one's sense of humor... do you think?","","","","",""
4135,"The Writhing Deep","Inside the backpacks are two items: the first is a parcel of goods that was bound for Thalanaar, and the second is a note hastily penned to an unknown reader.$B$BThe note tells of discovering insidious bug-like creatures south of the gnoll camps in a place called the Writhing Deep.  The author felt the need to investigate it personally, as though it was a serious threat to all of Feralas.  The note is signed, \"Raschal of Feathermoon\".$B$BIt would seem that you have located where Raschal ultimately went.","Now that Raschal's last known whereabouts have been discovered, continue your search for him or his remains in the Writhing Deep.  According to the note, it is located to the south of the Woodpaw gnoll camps.","You have discovered a large pod of an alien nature.  The texture of the pod appears mucous, though hardened protrusions stick out from random parts of it.  The pod itself has the height and width to easily encompass a humanoid inside of it... and from the faint humanoid shape visible through the skin of the pod, you surmise that this is what it indeed encapsulates.","","","","",""
4136,"Ribbly Screwspigot","My brother Ribbly has always been a drain to his family, taking our money and wasting it on one scheme after another.$B$BWell, his last scheme must have been his worst, because Baron Revilgaz of Booty Bay just put a price on poor Ribbly's head.  I can't tell you how happy this makes the Screwspigots!  Our little Ribbly's finally worth something!$B$BBut now he's hiding out, deep in Blackrock Depths.  Please, find him and bring him to me!$B$BOr, if he won't come, then that's ok... just bring me his head.","Bring Ribbly's Head to Yuka Screwspigot in the Burning Steppes.","Aha!  You found him!  And... it appears that my little brother didn't want to come quietly.  It's a pity.  I would have liked to see the look on his face when I told him our plans to turn him in to Revilgaz.$B$BThank you, $N.  You've made my family very happy.  And Ribbly's never looked as peaceful as he does now.","","","","",""
4141,"Muigin and Larion","See Larion over there? It's HIS fault we're here!$B$BI told him we were going the wrong way, but would he listen? And would you believe that he's the one that won't speak to me? Well, until he changes his mind, let's have a bit of fun with him.$B$BHave you noticed the strange plant-like creatures around here? They're nothing but trouble, really, but I think if trained properly, I could get them to obey commands.$B$BFirst thing though, I'll need some samples to study. Do you think you could collect some?","Collect 15 Bloodpetals and return to Muigin.","I hope they didn't give you too much trouble, $N. I try to steer clear of them -- they're wild!$B$BI tried jumping over one... I was attacked! Plants just shouldn't be acting that way!","","","","",""
4142,"A Visit to Gregan","I'm not quite sure what to make of this, $N. The plants... they seem to have some minimal intelligence.$B$BI'm no expert, though. But, I do know someone that is!$B$BHead to northern Feralas, and look for a buddy of mine named Gregan Brewspewer. He's an expert on this sort of thing.$B$BI'm sure Gregan can help us out here. You'll find him out in the wilderness; he's not the type to live in a big city.","Take a Bloodpetal to Gregan Brewspewer in Feralas.","Bloodpetal, eh? Hmmm... Well, you better explain the plan, and then I'll tell you whether or not I can help you.","","","","",""
4143,"Haze of Evil","To tell you the truth, $N, I've never seen any plants like this in my travels. Perhaps I should take a trip to this crater...$B$BAt any rate, I think I know just the thing Muigin's looking for -- Atal'ai haze. It's horrid stuff, hard to collect, but it's just what he needs to control the little monsters.$B$BYou'll need to visit the temple of Atal'Hakkar in the Swamp of Sorrows. The Atal'ai Haze can be collected from the deep lurkers, murk worms, or oozes found there. Good luck, $N!","Collect 5 samples of Atal'ai Haze, then return to Muigin in Un'Goro Crater.","I admit, I'm a bit hesitant to touch that stuff, $N! But if Gregan says it'll work, then I'm willing to give it a try!","","","","",""
4144,"Bloodpetal Sprouts","","","Here goes nothing, $N! This will get Larion's attention!","","","","",""
4145,"Larion and Muigin","See Muigin over there? It's HIS fault we're lost!$B$BI'm the one that knew the way, but he insisted he knew a shortcut, and we ended up here!$B$BTo make matters worse, now he keeps sending his crazy plant pests to annoy me. I'm so angry that I'm not planning on talking to him any time soon, but these pests are too much to handle.$B$BWhy don't we try to limit his supply, first thing. Go out and hunt some Bloodpetals, then return to me.","Hunt 5 Bloodpetal Lashers, 5 Bloodpetal Threshers, 5 Bloodpetal Flayers and 5 Bloodpetal Trappers for Larion at Marshal's Refuge.","Thanks for your help, $N, but I'm afraid I have some bad news...","","","","",""
4146,"Zapper Fuel","You're in luck, $n! I've been working on some of my own experiments while Marvon's been gone, and one of them is a short range bug zapper. With just a few adjustments, it should be great for ridding yourself of those Bloodpetal pests.$B$BI can let you have one of my zapper prototypes, but you'll still need to collect the fuel. You can get the necessary Atal'ai haze that the zapper needs in the temple of Atal'Hakkar. The deep lurkers, murk worms, or oozes are the ones you'll need to get it from.","Deliver the Unloaded Zapper and 5 samples of Atal'ai Haze to Larion in Marshal's Refuge.","So, Marvon wasn't around? Well, show me what you got, anyway.","","","","",""
4147,"Marvon's Workshop","I managed to spy on what Muigin was doing, and he's actually growing the darn things over there!$B$BI think the only solution here is to... no, not go talk to him... What are you thinking? The solution is to fight back!$B$BWe'll need the help of my friend, Marvon, who has a workshop in Ratchet.  I'm sure he'll be able to create some sort of gadget that will help us.","Travel to Marvon Rivetseeker's workshop in Ratchet.","Marvon's been gone quite a long time now, $N. He went off to Tanaris to study some of the ancient troll ruins.$b$bNow, what was it that you said you needed?","","","","",""
4148,"Bloodpetal Zapper","","","Looks like this is going to work perfectly, $N. Now remember, if you see any of those pests around, don't hesitate to use that zapper!","","","","",""
4161,"Recipe of the Kaldorei","Long ago, the night elves were called the Kaldorei, a name that means \"children of the stars.\" Learning of the past is an important step in your path as a $c, $N, so listen well to what I have to tell you$B$BThe Kaldorei have always taken much pride in their harmonious relationship with nature. This means that we only take from nature what is necessary, and that we return in kind. This balance has afforded us much, $N.$B$BGo out and collect 10 small spider legs -- no more than that, and return to me.","Collect 10 Small Spider Legs for Zarrin in Dolanaar.","Always remember what I have shown you today, $N. You are part of the balance that the night elves strive to keep intact, even during troublesome times.","","","","",""
4181,"Goblin Engineering","Expert engineering yields two distinct disciplines: gnome and goblin.  I only bother to mention goblin engineering because I'm a fair trainer.  They like to make things that blow up, and they rarely care what is in the way - even themselves.$B$B$N, read this manual.  If you want to learn how to blow yourself up, then take it to Nixx Sprocketspring in Gadgetzan.   Remember - membership is permanent and prevents joining the other discipline, so make sure this is what you want before finishing his task.","If you wish to learn more about Goblin Engineering, take the Manual of Engineering Disciplines to Nixx Sprocketspring in Gadgetzan.","Well $N, you were wise to seek my tutelage! Any schlep can become an expert at the basics of engineering - the gnomes and their irradiated home of Gnomeregan are proof of that. It takes a strong mind and a steady hand (emphasis on STEADY) though to master the discipline of Goblin Engineering.$B$BKeep your ears perked $N, and you might learn something.","","","","",""
4182,"Dragonkin Menace","Life in the Burning Steppes is rife with conflict.$B$BJust look at this place! We know very little of what happened to these buildings, but we do know that at one time, before the great explosion, this was all part of the Redridge mountain range.$B$BEnough lamenting! We have a problem, $N. You may have noticed the dragonkin below this ridge. We need assistance in pushing them back. Kill as many as you can and return to me. Succeed and perhaps we can talk of other things.\
","Slay 15 Black Broodlings, 10 Black Dragonspawn, 4 Black Wyrmkin and 1 Black Drake. Return to Helendis Riverhorn when the task is complete.","Superb slaying, $N. Now that we know you can handle yourself around dragonkin, we can talk of more pressing matters.","","","","",""
4183,"The True Masters","We had always assumed that the Blackrock orcs were a product of their savage upbringing. What we have found here, in their homeland, tells us another story.$B$BIndeed, it is bloodlust and thirst for conflict that empowers them, but the black dragonflight are the beings whom control the orcs of Blackrock. We suspect that it is the black dragonflight that fuels them with rage and hostility.$B$BTake this letter to Magistrate Solomon. He will know what must be done.$B$B<Helendis hands you a sealed letter.>","Travel to Lakeshire and deliver Helendis Riverhorn's Letter to Magistrate Solomon. ","<Magistrate Solomon opens the sealed letter from Helendis and begins reading.>","","","","",""
4184,"The True Masters","This is grim news, $N. To discover that our mortal enemies are merely pawns of a much greater threat is disheartening. There is no possible way that Lakeshire could survive an attack from both the Blackrock orcs and the black dragonflight. Should Lakeshire fall to this menace, Darkshire would fall next, and then what? Goldshire? Stormwind itself?$B$BYou must take this information to Highlord Bolvar Fordragon in Stormwind at once! If this does not merit the aid of Stormwind, nothing will and all is lost.\
","Travel to Stormwind and deliver Solomon's Plea to Highlord Bolvar Fordragon.$B$BBolvar resides in Stormwind Keep. ","Dragons? Impossible!","","","","",""
4185,"The True Masters","Solomon paints a dreary picture. Still, we cannot afford to send our thinly spread troops to the aid of Lakeshire on speculation. I will need proof of these claims before I can act.$B$BSpeak with Lady Prestor, $N. She is a learned woman and knows much of dragons and dragonkin. She may be able to shed some light on this situation.\
","Speak with Highlord Bolvar Fordragon after speaking with Lady Katrana Prestor.","<Bolvar cups his chin as if in deep thought.>$B$BWhile I respect Lady Prestor's stance, I believe that there is a solution to this dilemma that may put all of our concerns to rest. ","Advice from Lady Prestor","","","",""
4186,"The True Masters","I am going to empower you as an acting deputy of Stormwind, $N.$B$BReturn to Magistrate Solomon in Lakeshire and deliver this decree.","Take Bolvar's Decree to Magistrate Solomon in Lakeshire.\
","It could have been worse, I suppose...$B$B<Magistrate Solomon looks you over.>$B$BIt appears as if the fate of Lakeshire rests squarely on your shoulders.$B$B<You notice Magistrate Solomon blinking rapidly. He appears to be crying.>\
","","","","",""
4201,"The Love Potion","Oh, the pains of love!  My dear Private Rocknot is immune to my charms.  I am spurned!  It's maddening!$B$BYou must help me!  We succubi know much of love, and I can make a potion to beat down the iron walls around Rocknot's heart.  To make it, I need these items: the herb gromsblood, giant silver veins from the cliff giants of Azshara, and water from the Golakka Springs Crater in Un'Goro.  You can place the water in this vial.$B$BPlease, $N, help a poor soul in her quest for happiness!","Bring 4 Gromsblood, 10 Giant Silver Veins and Nagmara's Filled Vial to Mistress Nagmara in Blackrock Depths.","Oh, you've done it!  I can now make my potion and use it on Rocknot.  Finally, he will fall victim to my charms!$B$BThank you, $N.  You are a champion of love!","","","","",""
4221,"Corrupted Windblossom","","","You apply two Cenarion plant salves to the windblossom. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4222,"Corrupted Windblossom","","","You apply two Cenarion plant salves to the windblossom. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4223,"The True Masters","<Magistrate Solomon sighs.>$B$BYou must return to the Burning Steppes, $N. As a deputy of Stormwind, you will be required to report to Marshal Maxwell. Good luck.","Speak with Marshal Maxwell in the Burning Steppes.","<Marshal Maxwell laughs.>","","","","",""
4224,"The True Masters","What? You thought you were the first? How many soldiers must we lose before Stormwind acts?$B$BWe had accumulated enormous amounts of intelligence pertaining to the Blackrock menace before we lost our commanding officer, Marshal Windsor. With Marshal Windsor went all of our precious information.$B$BWhat we need is that documentation. Speak with Ragged John, $N. He was with Windsor when they were attacked by a Blackrock raiding party.  He was last seen in a cave to the north.","Speak with Ragged John to learn of Marshal Windsor's fate and return to Marshal Maxwell when you have completed this task.$B$BYou recall Marshal Maxwell telling you to search for him in a cave to the north.","I could have warned you, but what fun is that?","Ragged John's Story","","","",""
4241,"Marshal Windsor","So that good for nothing coward says that Windsor is alive, eh?$B$BSuit up, deputy, you are going in to find him. If Windsor is alive, you are to bring him back. If he's dead, I want proof.$B$B<Maxwell laughs.>$B$BI bet you are getting tired of hearing that, aren't you?","Travel to Blackrock Mountain in the northwest and enter Blackrock Depths. Find out what became of Marshal Windsor.$B$BYou recall Ragged John talking about Windsor being dragged off to a prison.","Where is he! I'll murder him!","","","","",""
4242,"Abandoned Hope","Bolvar is a fool. I was gathering his precious 'proof' so that I could shove it down his throat.$B$BHe is a blind buffoon. Proof stands two feet away from him and he does not see.$B$BAs for my data, it's lost. Gone. Unrecoverable.$B$BShould I ever find Ironfoe and make it out of this labyrinth, my first stop will be Stormwind, to place my hammer in between that reptile's eyes.$B$BLeave me, $N.","Give Marshal Maxwell the bad news.","He's gone mad, apparently.$B$B<Maxwell lowers his head in mourning.>$B$BIt is unfortunate that a once proud and noble warrior would be turned into a blithering head case. I GUESS we've reached a dead end...$B$BI must reward you for your efforts thus far, $N.","","","","",""
4243,"Chasing A-Me 01","Unfortunately, something's happened to one of my greatest inventions. You've seen mechanical squirrels, yes? Well, to get closer to the apes of Un'Goro Crater, I created a mechanical ape to blend in with their kind--I call her A-Me 01.$B$BShe has scrying gems for eyes so I could see everything she saw. She made it to Fungal Rock--the apes' lair--just east of here, and that's when I lost contact. The last thing I saw was one of their alpha males rushing up to say hello to her!$B$BCan you help me find her?","Find A-Me 01 in Un'Goro Crater.","As you look A-Me 01 over, you see two huge dents tarnishing what Karna obviously feels is a well-crafted piece of engineering. One dent decorates A-Me 01's shoulder, the other is on her head.$B$BNo power seems to be running through her components as you investigate further.","","","","",""
4244,"Chasing A-Me 01","A little further investigation shows a panel that slides open. Clearly written above some wiring is the statement, \"Replace Mithril Casing And Turn Power Off Then On.\"$B$BTaking a moment to replace the panel, you wonder if it'll be that simple to fix A-Me 01 and get her back to Karna Remtravel near Marshall's Refuge.$B$BOnly trying it will tell.","Find a Mithril Casing and return to A-Me 01 in Un'Goro Crater.","You remove the panel from A-Me 01's back yet again and carefully remove the old mithril casing that seems to have burnt out. The new one slides into place easily. The only thing left to do, assuming the mithril casing was the problem, is to flip the switch to the \"Off\" position, and then back to the \"On\" position.","","","","",""
4245,"Chasing A-Me 01","Checking to see if your prepared to lead A-Me 01 back to Karna Remtravel, you flip the switch to the \"Off\" position. Glancing around once again to make sure none of the gorillas are coming, you prepare to see what happens when you flip the switch back to the \"On\" position.$B$BThis is your last chance... are you sure this is what you want to do?","Escort A-Me 01 back to Karna Remtravel in Un'Goro Crater.","Oh, you've done it! Wonderful! Thank you, $N.$B$BOh, my poor, A-Me. Look at all those dents. We'll get her up and running perfectly with just a little work.$B$BThank you again, $N. I really appreciate it.","Protect A-Me 01 until you reach Karna Remtravel","","","",""
4261,"Ancient Spirit","Felwood was once a peaceful and serene land... Until the legion took hold. The infernals, destruction, chaos...$B$BThe skull of Gul'dan ensured that none were spared here. All fell to the corruption.$B$BEven now, as a spirit, I still find myself trapped, bearing the suffering of this land. Help me find my way home. Please, $N, tell me you will lead an ancient spirit away from here, where I may finally rest.$B$BOnce I am free, seek out Kayneth Stillwind, a druid that resides in Forest Song, to the east.","Escort Arei to safety, then speak with Kayneth Stillwind in Forest Song, in eastern Ashenvale.","Yes, $N. Felwood has been through much hardship. Thank you for what you have done.$B$BOne day, we may be able to reclaim Felwood from the corruption; every kind deed helps.","Help Arei get to Safety","","","",""
4262,"Overmaster Pyron","The last five of my mages that went snooping around in Blackrock Mountain came back extra crispy with a permanent orange gnomefro - or worse.$B$B<Jalinda picks up some ashes from the ground and releases them into the air.>$B$BOne nasty bugger in particular, Overmaster Pyron, seems to be causing quite a bit of trouble. We need that elemental terminated so that our expedition crew can make its way into Blackrock Depths!$B$BHe guards the entrance at the Blackrock Quarry.","Slay Overmaster Pyron and return to Jalinda Sprig.$B$BYou recall Jalinda talking about Pyron guarding the quarry. Perhaps you should search there?","Incendius? Oh dear...","","","","",""
4263,"Incendius!","Are you sure Pyron said 'Incendius' when he died?$B$B<Jalinda swallows hard.>$B$BLord Incendius is purported to be a minion of Ragnaros! Oh dear, oh dear... whatever will we do?$B$BDo you think you can handle another mission? I don't have anybody else to send, $N!$B$BWe will never get a team in if Incendius continues to raise Pyron from the ashes.$B$BYou'll have to find and destroy Lord Incendius!\
","Find Lord Incendius in Blackrock Depths and destroy him!","Oh dear! Are you sure Incendius said 'Ragnaros?'$B$B<Jalinda hands you something and pats you on the wrist as she fades deep into thought.>","","","","",""
4264,"A Crumpled Up Note","The note has stains covering its surface. The text is barely legible, but you make out the following:$B$B...sweet irony...$B$B...the fall of the broken Alliance...$B$B...if it were not for General Angerforge's diligence, we may have never discovered the pattern to the encryption...$B$B...Argelmach is almost done with the decryption of Windsor's notes.$B$BOur lord will rise from the depths and crush any that remain...$B$B-Emperor Dagran Thaurissan.\
","You may have just stumbled on to something that Marshal Windsor would be interested in seeing. There may be hope, after all.","<Marshal Windsor takes the note and begins reading.>","","","","",""
4265,"Freed from the Hive","The pod splits opens some when you touch it, revealing a night elven male who is surprisingly still alive.  He seems to be in good health, though deeply stunned.  As you help him down from the pod, he stirs to life.$B$B\"Thank Elune - you've saved me, friend!  I... I'm Raschal, and I awoke paralyzed inside this pod after these bugs overwhelmed me.  Were you sent by the Stronghold?\"$B$BIt would seem that you've found the missing courier!","Free Raschal from the Zukk'ash hive.$B$BReturn to Ginro Hearthkindle in Feathermoon Stronghold and let him know that Raschal is alive and well.","Welcome home, $N.  Raschal checked in just a little while ago and told me what happened.$B$BI... no, the entire Stronghold can't even begin to thank you for your great deed; Raschal would have been dead without your timely aid, and your assistance came to us without even so much as the whisper of a mercenary's fee.  You bear the mark of a true hero.  Know that you will always have a friend in Ginro Hearthkindle.","Free Raschal.","","","",""
4266,"A Hero's Welcome","$N, General Shandris Feathermoon would like to speak with you personally.  No doubt she wants to thank you for your service to the Stronghold, but I do know that she also wants to talk to you about the insect creatures that you and Raschal faced in southern Feralas.  The reports of those Zukk'ash insects are... frightening, to say the least.$B$BGeneral Feathermoon is waiting for you in the main compound.","Speak with Shandris Feathermoon in Feathermoon Stronghold.","$N, I give you my warmest thanks for the aid you've given us.  Your bravery in the face of overwhelming odds has warranted a reward worth a thousand times greater.  Nevertheless, I hope you accept this on behalf of the entire Stronghold.$B$BNow, if I may... I'd like to ask for your aid one more time.  In light of the discovery of the Zukk'ash hive here in Feralas, I think you're the best choice for this mission.","","","","",""
4267,"Rise of the Silithid","I am entrusting you with a copy of the report Raschal made on the infestation of southeastern Feralas.  While the main report is being filed in Darnassus, I want you to give this copy to an associate of the Protectorate.  Her name is Gracina Spiritmight; she is a priestess who dwells in the Temple of the Moon in Darnassus.  She has broad knowledge on these kinds of creatures, and her receiving this report would benefit us all.$B$BYou're dismissed - good luck, $N; may Elune watch over us all.","Bring Raschal's Report to Gracina Spiritmight in Darnassus.","We night elves know of the terror outlined in this report.  Shandris was wise to send this, and you, to me.$B$BThese creatures will consume Feralas rapidly; they are nothing short of one of the greatest menaces we all will ever face.  The insects you and the courier encountered are known as the silithid.  They are mere tools of one of the greatest threats that both the Horde and Alliance will ever face.$B$BI pray we will have the resolve to defeat them before they destroy us.","","","","",""
4281,"Thalanaar Delivery","This parcel of goods you found in the Woodpaw gnoll camps was supposed to be delivered to the small way-station of Thalanaar in southeastern Feralas.  Regardless of the missing courier's fate, the task of delivering the parcel remains unfinished.$B$BExamining the parcel in detail reveals a hand written name of \"Falfindel Waywarder\" on the outside of the packaging.  Perhaps this is the parcel's ultimate recipient.","Bring the Undelivered Parcel to Falfindel Waywarder in Thalanaar.","Elune be praised, the delivery from Feathermoon Stronghold has finally arrived!$b$bYour presence here indicates to me that perhaps some ill fate may have befallen Raschal, our usual courier. I hope that everything works out. I know that recently, the Woodpaw have become highly agitated from some source to their south. Maybe he fell to the wilds there; I would be careful, friend.$b$bRegardless, thank you again. Here is payment for this parcel's delivery.","","","","",""
4282,"A Shred of Hope","<Marshal Windsor shakes the note excitedly.>$B$BDo you realize what this means, $N?$B$BPerhaps all is not lost! From what I can ascertain, the information is being held by two Dark Iron dwarves: General Angerforge and the golem lord, Argelmach. I have a feeling that they won't just hand over the information if we ask nicely.$B$BI hope you are ready to battle.$B$BVenture forth and find these two villains! Destroy them and return my lost information.","Return Marshal Windsor's Lost Information.$B$BMarshal Windsor believes that the information is being held by Golem Lord Argelmach and General Angerforge.","<Marshal Windsor snatches the two tablets from your hands.>$B$BWe need to get out of here!","","","","",""
4283,"FIFTY! YEP!","I'm going to let you in on a little secret, soldier. Come a little closer.$B$BI'M THE ONLY SANE ONE HERE!$B$BLook at these people! Would you believe that they're all insane!? Well they are! NUTS! CRAZY!$B$B<Oralius lowers his voice.>$B$BLet's just keep that between me, you, and my pal Captain Winky.$B$B<Oralius grabs at the air and squeezes.>$B$BAnyhooooo... I'm collecting badges to go along with my ogre ear collection. Orc is the flavor of the day. Fifty. GO!$B$B<Oralius blows into a horn.>$B$BSHIP IT!","Oralius wants 50 Blackrock Medallions. Chances are high that these medallions can be found on the orcs in the Burning Steppes.","You've done it! Your reward is: RUB MY BELLY! GO ON! RUB IT!","","","","",""
4284,"Crystals of Power","I'm sure you've noticed 'em, $N. They're everywhere!$B$BWhat am I talking about? Why, the crystals, of course!$B$BThe crystals... They're all over the crater. Most people ignore them, but I have a strange feeling that they hold power within them. I've been doing experiments here with them for a while, but I can't seem to find anything. Well, I haven't yet, anyway.$B$BSay, I'm running a little low on the crystals I have here -- think you might be able to collect some more for me?","Collect 7 Power Crystals of each color: red, blue, yellow, and green. Bring them to J.D. Collie at Marshal's Refuge.","Now I will continue my experiments! Thank you, $N.","","","","",""
4285,"The Northern Pylon","What could they be for? I can't get the thought out of my head!$B$BIt's driving me crazy --  that the rumors I have heard about the crystal pylons are all true. Call me gullible, but I'll usually believe anything people tell me.$B$BAnyway, I have heard that there is one of the crystal pylons fairly close. Somewhere in the north... Please locate it, $N. I just know they exist.","Discover the location of the Northern Crystal Pylon in Un'Goro Crater.","I know the stories are true, $N.","Discover and examine the Northern Crystal Pylon","","","",""
4286,"The Good Stuff","Captain Winky tells me that the Dark Irons in the Depths got all the good stuff. Ain't that right, Winky?$B$B<Oralius does his best impersonation of a pirate.>$B$BARRR MATEY! IT BE RIGHT!$B$BSee what I'm saying? You need to get in there and bring me back some samples of the good stuff.$B$BGet in there and shake your moneymaker!\
","Travel to Blackrock Depths and recover 20 Dark Iron Fanny Packs. Return to Oralius when you have completed this task. You assume that the Dark Iron dwarves inside Blackrock Depths carry these 'fanny pack' contraptions.\
","<Oralius starts rummaging through the mountainous pile of fanny packs.>$B$BOH WONDERFUL!$B$B<Oralius sticks his large nose into the pile and takes a whiff.>$B$BDELICIOUS! Look at all these goodies!$B$BTake one for yourself, $N. There's plenty to go around.","","","","",""
4287,"The Eastern Pylon","During my stay here, I have heard strange rumors about mysterious pylons existing out in the wilderness of the crater, $N. I guess that they are quite large, with crystals lining their interiors.$B$BAlthough I've never seen one, I can't help but think that the rumors are true -- and that the pylons have something to do with all the crystals we found$B$BSo why don't you help me put my curiosity to rest? Supposedly, there is one in the eastern area of the crater. Do you think you can find it?","Discover the location of the Eastern Crystal Pylon in Un'Goro Crater.","Un'Goro is such a strange place, $N. When you enter the crater, it's as if you are in a completely different world...","Discover and examine the Eastern Crystal Pylon","","","",""
4288,"The Western Pylon","My experiments so far have not yielded any positive results, $N. I can't help but hope that you can find a solution by searching for one of the pylons that I have heard exist.$B$BPerhaps if we combine certain colors at them... but I get ahead of myself. Let's find them first!$B$B$N, search the western area of the crater; a pylon is said to be somewhere in that area.","Discover the location of the Western Crystal Pylon.","There are many hidden areas of the crater along the sides. Try exploring the winding paths if you can't think of anywhere else to look, $N.","Discover and examine the Western Crystal Pylon","","","",""
4289,"The Apes of Un'Goro","This crater has many strange creatures--they seem to be nobler versions of the creatures found throughout my homeland and beyond. I cannot explain it, but this place cries of the Earth Mother. I pay homage to her every time I track one of her beautiful creatures across its basin.$B$BIf you too wish to feel the enlightenment that accompanies such a great feat, then head to the north. There you'll find great apes who are a test for any mortal's strength. Bring me their pelts... prove your strength.","Bring 2 Un'Goro Gorilla Pelts, 2 Un'Goro Stomper Pelts, and 2 Un'Goro Thunderer Pelts to Torwa Pathfinder at the entrance of Un'Goro Crater.","So, you have proven strong, strong enough to best the great apes of Un'Goro--that is good. The challenge was small compared to Lar'korwi, but I will not take such a great victory away from you.$B$BThese pelts will make wonderful clothing for my tribe. You have helped me and proven worthy.$B$BBefore you set off on another task, let us give praise to the Earth Mother and thank the spirits of those apes you killed--they must know their deaths will not be wasted.","","","","",""
4290,"The Fare of Lar'korwi","Once, a long time ago, a brother of mine took some meat from one of Lar'korwi's kills. He didn't know it at the time, but Lar'korwi saw him from the forest. Lar'korwi followed my brother for days, destroying everything he touched. My brother, scared, finally decided to run from the Crater and leave Lar'korwi behind.$B$BLar'korwi killed him not far from this spot.$B$BIf you want to provoke Lar'korwi, find a fresh kill of his and take some of the meat from it.$B$BReturn to me afterwards.","Find the carcass of Lar'korwi's freshest kill and steal a Piece of Threshadon Carcass before returning to Torwa Pathfinder in Un'Goro Crater.","This will do nicely, $N. It seems Lar'korwi eats well these days. Although, I wonder where he found a threshadon in this area. Odd.$B$BRegardless, I will hold onto this until you are ready for your confrontation with the beast. Do not worry for my safety--I am sure you've angered Lar'korwi enough that he will not kill me until after he's tasted your flesh.","","","","",""
4291,"The Scent of Lar'korwi","I'm actually surprised he has not come for you yet, $N. But all is well, for I have a final plan that will bring the monster to us.$B$BBeing the dominant male gives Lar'korwi rights to breed with any female he chooses--and he chooses many of them. You'll find many ravasaur eggs to the west of here. Get close to them and you should provoke an attack by his mates. The females produce an awful smell from a gland in their heads that allow males to know they are ready to breed. Bring me two of those glands.","Bring 2 Ravasaur Pheromone Glands to Torwa Pathfinder near the entrance to Un'Goro Crater.","Ah, fine specimens, $N. The two pieces you've found should be perfect for baiting Lar'korwi into the open. I cannot wait to see the outcome of your fight with the monster. He is a massive thing with claws as sharp as the finest blades. You will look into his eyes and you will know death.","","","","",""
4292,"The Bait for Lar'korwi","This will be the most difficult part because there is some complexity to the plan. To the north of here, you will find a small trail into the mountains. It was here I saw Lar'korwi last. You will know you are in the right area because of all the bones from massive creatures that once wandered nearby. Take the meat you recovered and place it there. Then, rub this mixture I created on the meat. If both lures mingled together do not bring Lar'korwi to you, then I know nothing else that will.","Using the contents of Torwa's Pouch, summon Lar'korwi and defeat him. Then bring Lar'korwi's Head to Torwa Pathfinder near the entrance to Un'Goro Crater.","The Earth Mother be praised! You've done it! Fair play to you, $N. You have proven to be a great hunter in your own right. Your spirit is strong. Your bravery unmatched. And your strength has been fortified. I bow down to your skills.$B$BOnly the greatest of my ancestors could have accomplished something so incredible. Congratulations.","","","","",""
4293,"A Sample of Slime...","Felwood is a forest far north of the Barrens, even farther than Ashenvale. There, slimes are found all around pools of water blessed by the touch of Fel. The Scourge decimated the area with attacks of Infernals and other demonic magics--the slimes supposedly crept up through the earth during these attacks.$B$BGather samples of Felwood slimes and we will use the testing equipment next to me to create a control group for our tests against other samples you gather.","Gather Felwood Slime Samples from any of the slimes in Felwood. Then, using the Testing Equipment next to Chemist Fuely in Undercity, see which of your samples are the most corrupt. Bring 5 of the Corrupted Felwood Samples you find to Chemist Fuely.","Ah, excellent. These samples will do nicely. I thank you for your help.$B$BOnce we've gathered all the samples of slimes, we'll be able to determine more. I am beginning to suspect that Lady Sylvanas' hunch was not only correct, but more insightful than even she could have predicted. These samples are very interesting. Just seeing how they've reacted with my compounds... hmm, yes, we'll definitely need to investigate further.","","","","",""
4294,"... and a Batch of Ooze","Have you heard of the Un'Goro Crater, $N? It is near the Tanaris desert, and it is a magnificent place: lush, vibrant, full of creatures and plant life.$B$BIt is there you must go. Word has reached me that the place seems completely untainted by outside hands. Explorers are just now discovering its secrets.$B$BI would like to test the slimes or oozes there. If it is true--that they are uncorrupt--then I would like to see how such creatures have evolved.","Gather Un'Goro Slime Samples from any of the slimes in Un'Goro Crater. Then, using the Testing Equipment next to Chemist Fuely in Undercity, see which of your samples are the most pure. Bring 5 of the Pure Un'Goro Samples you find to Chemist Fuely.","Truly amazing, $N. This Un'Goro Crater is holding many more secrets than I expected. I wonder what else we will discover as we test further.$B$BSimply amazing... look at the purity of these samples. Hmm, I wonder what it could mean. They seem to be elemental in nature, but... something more. They remind me of... of the Old Gods. We've found traces of them throughout Azeroth, and now I wonder if these creatures aren't related to them somehow.$B$BWe shall have to test further.","","","","",""
4295,"Rocknot's Ale","","","What's this?  Ah!  It smells like Dark Iron Ale!  Drink has blurred my sight, but I can tell that you, $gsir:my lady;, are a real friend!","","","","",""
4296,"Tablet of the Seven","I came to the Burning Steppes, following the legends of the Seven.  They were dwarves of great knowledge and power, and if you have knowledge and power, then wealth is sure to follow.$B$BThat's what I want.  Wealth!$B$BIf we can learn more of the Seven, then maybe we can get rich together.  The ruins of Thaurissan is rumored to keep the Tablet of the Seven, which holds knowledge of the ancient dwarves.  Find this tablet, copy its text and bring it to me.  Let's discover its secrets together!","Bring the Tablet Transcript to Maxwort Uberglint in the Burning Steppes.","Ah, you found the tablet!  And your transcription is superb!  Are you sure you're a $c and not a scribe?$B$BHere you are, $N.  Here is the payment I promised.","","","","",""
4297,"Food for Baby","Sprite darters are omnivores--that means they eat both meat and vegetation. If your egg here's gonna hatch, we best be prepared. Some good eats for these little guys are flanks of meat, raw and juicy, believe it or not. I was never able to find out why, but it has somethin' to do with Elune's plan for the elves... maybe they were to be protectors or somethin', I don't know.$B$BI'll take care of the egg for now, why don't you get me some good Silvermane stalker flanks for 'em to eat when he's hatched.","Bring 5 Silvermane Stalker Flanks to Agnar Beastamer in Hinterlands.","These'll do nicely, and if I'm not mistaken, your little egg's just about ready to hatch. How does it feel? You know, you about to be a $gfather:mother;? Haha, didn't think ya'd have to deal with such responsibility, now did ya?","","","","",""
4298,"Becoming a Parent","Whoa, it was a lot more ready than I thought...","Speak to Agnar Beastamer in the Hinterlands.","Here, take the egg... better you have it so it bonds to you and looks to you to be its $gdadda:momma;.$B$BCongrats, $N. You're a parent... kinda.","","","","",""
4300,"Bone-Bladed Weapons","Hmm, maybe there be somethin' you can do for the Hand now that me think 'bout it. Yes, Jes'rimon could use your help for sure.$B$BIn Un'Goro Crater there be raptors with deadly claws. Some of those raptors sometimes have white claws instead of ones black like death. The Hand have... clients... that like weapons crafted from these claws. Bring me many of those white claws, and me pay you good coin. Do it fast enough, and maybe me help you in other ways.","Bring 8 White Ravasaur Claws to Jes'rimon in Orgrimmar.","Ah, these do nicely. Thank you, $N. An' you be here long before they needed... that be good.$b$bMaybe we have a weapon fashioned for you from the claws. What do you say?","","","","",""
4301,"The Mighty U'cha","While you have been exploring Un'Goro, I have seen other things that a mighty hunter such as yourself would relish in. One such sight was a huge ape among the other gorillas to the north. You have been to that cave before, but this time, I wonder if you'll survive the encounter if you accept my task.$B$BI call him U'cha, and he is one of the Earth Mother's greatest sons, of that you can be sure. Defeat U'cha and bring me his pelt. Do this, and I will defend your right to call yourself a great hunter.","Bring U'cha's Pelt to Torwa Pathfinder at the entrance of Un'Goro Crater.","Well done, $N. I am pleased. You have done a great thing here today.$B$BU'cha was one of the greatest apes I had ever seen. The fact that you have bested his strength speaks well of your own strength... and courage.$B$BIt is only fitting that I give you this as a sign of respect. You have earned it.","","","","",""
4321,"Making Sense of It","The information you have given me about the pylons is very interesting...$B$BGive me a moment to do some calculations, $N. Speak to me again in a moment and I should be able to give you the answer we have been looking for.","Speak with J.D. Collie in a moment.","Alright, $N. This is fascinating... I can only hope that my diagrams are correct! I compiled everything into this manual, which you can have.$B$BI believe I can answer any questions you have about the crystals now, $N.","","","","",""
4322,"Jail Break!","We need to get out of here, $N. Help me get my gear back from the supply area and free my friends. If we make it out of here, you are to proceed to Morgan's Vigil and speak with Marshal Maxwell. He will give you further instruction.","Help Marshal Windsor get his gear back and free his friends. Return to Marshal Maxwell if you succeed.","Amazing, $N. Simply amazing. Windsor stormed through here not five minutes ago. He makes some grand claims but purports that they are supported by his evidence. He is on his way to Stormwind now to confront Bolvar and ... Lady Prestor.\
","Jail Break!","","","",""
4324,"Yuka Screwspigot","Although my little brother Ribbly has been worthless his whole life, I think, finally, he has some value!  But... we might need your help to capitalize on Ribbly's newfound worth.$B$BMy sister Yuka has been looking for him for weeks, and tracked him to the Burning Steppes.  She sent word to me, asking for some hired hands.$B$BSo, what do you say?  Want to help?  If so, then speak with my sister.  You'll find her holed up in Flame Crest, a cave northwest of Dreadmaul Rock.","Speak with Yuka Screwspigot in the Burning Steppes.","Yes, I'm looking for my brother.  We must find him and retrieve him, bless his heart.$B$BBut if we can't bring all of him... then his head will suffice.","","","","",""
4341,"Kharan Mighthammer","You have been to the smoldering ruins of Thaurissan? Did you happen to run into a pitiful lout named Kharan Mighthammer? The dwarf that was supposedly watching over my baby girl!$B$B<The King sobs.>$B$BAnd now she's gone, $N!$B$BI have had my men turn the Steppes upside down. The only clue they have as to the whereabouts of my daughter is that she may be inside the Depths. For all I know, she could be dead!$B$BKharan is supposedly being held prisoner there... find him! I want answers!","Travel to Blackrock Depths and find Kharan Mighthammer.$B$BThe King mentioned that Kharan was being held prisoner there - perhaps you should try looking for a prison.","Please, let me explain.","","","","",""
4342,"Kharan's Tale","Please, hear me out before passing judgement!\
","Listen as Kharan Mighthammer tells his story.","As you can see, there was nothing I could have done.","Kharan's Tale","","","",""
4343,"Corrupted Windblossom","","","You apply two Cenarion plant salves to the windblossom. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4361,"The Bearer of Bad News","You must take this information back to King Magni, $N. He will know what to do!\
","Return to Ironforge and deliver the bad news to King Magni Bronzebeard.","<King Magni slams his fist down in anger.>","","","","",""
4362,"The Fate of the Kingdom","It would seem as if my old adversary, Dagran Thaurissan, has me and the kingdom of Ironforge at his mercy.$B$BYou may be my last hope, $N. You must rescue my dear daughter, Moira!$B$BThere is only one way to make sure that the spell Thaurissan has cast on Moira is broken: Kill him.$B$BAnd $N, do not harm her! Remember, she is being controlled by Thaurissan! The things she may do or say are a result of Thaurissan's evil spell!","Return to Blackrock Depths and rescue Princess Moira Bronzebeard from the evil clutches of Emperor Dagran Thaurissan.\
","<Princess Bronzebeard weeps over the loss of Emperor Dagran Thaurissan.>$B$BWhy???","","","","",""
4363,"The Princess's Surprise","Thaurissan was a great and honorable dwarf. You ruined my life and the life of my unborn child!$B$B<You think that Princess Bronzebeard may still be suffering from the residual effect of the Emperor's spell.>$B$BReturn to Ironforge and tell my father that the heir to the Kingdom of Ironforge will be a Dark Iron dwarf.$B$BWhether he approves or not, it shall be.","Return to Ironforge and speak with King Magni Bronzebeard.","<King Magni Bronzebeard is visibly upset.>$B$BIt seems that even in death, Thaurissan has won.$B$BYou are dismissed, $N. Before you leave, you may choose your reward from the royal vault.$B$B<King Bronzebeard slumps into his throne to mull over this bizarre change of events.>","","","","",""
4381,"Crystal Restore","","","Arranging the crystals on the table, you carefully align the colors. As you push the last one into place, a burst of light fuses the crystals together.$B$BThe resulting combination is now yours.","","","","",""
4382,"Crystal Force","","","Arranging the crystals on the table, you carefully align the colors. As you push the last one into place, a burst of light fuses the crystals together.$B$BThe resulting combination is now yours.","","","","",""
4383,"Crystal Ward","","","Arranging the crystals on the table, you carefully align the colors. As you push the last one into place, a burst of light fuses the crystals together.$B$BThe resulting combination is now yours.","","","","",""
4384,"Crystal Yield","","","Arranging the crystals on the table, you carefully align the colors. As you push the last one into place, a burst of light fuses the crystals together.$B$BThe resulting combination is now yours.","","","","",""
4385,"Crystal Charge","","","Arranging the crystals on the table, you carefully align the colors. As you push the last one into place, a burst of light fuses the crystals together.$B$BThe resulting combination is now yours.\
","","","","",""
4386,"Crystal Spire","","","Arranging the crystals on the table, you carefully align the colors. As you push the last one into place, a burst of light fuses the crystals together.$B$BThe resulting combination is now yours.","","","","",""
4401,"Corrupted Songflower","","","You apply some Cenarion plant salve to the songflower. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4402,"Galgar's Cactus Apple Surprise","It sure gets hot out here in the Valley of Trials.$B$B<Galgar wipes his brow.>$B$BIf only I had some cactus apples, I could make my famous cactus apple surprise! Nothing cools you off faster than a piece of that delicious treat.$B$BI'll tell you what, $N. If you bring me 10 cactus apples, I'll make you a few portions of cactus apple surprise to take with you on your adventures. If you're interested, you can find cactus apples growing near the cactus plants around here.","Bring Galgar 10 Cactus Apples. You remember him saying that they could be found near cactuses.","Wonderful, $N! As promised, here is your cactus apple surprise plus a little something extra.","","","","",""
4403,"Corrupted Windblossom","","","You apply two Cenarion plant salves to the windblossom. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4421,"The Corruption of the Jadefire","Not many seek adventure here... Felwood's corruption is widespread and indiscriminate.$B$BAs part of the Emerald Circle, I seek to heal this land, but there are some that wish it to fester.$B$BThe ones I speak of are the Jadefire satyrs that dwell to the northwest of here, at the Ruins of Constellas. Led by a particularly cruel satyr named Xavathras, they continue to spread the disease to any creatures they encounter.$B$BWe must defend this land that was once ours. Defeat Xavathras and destroy his minions.","Kill 11 Jadefire Felsworns, 9 Jadefire Shadowstalkers, 9 Jadefire Rogues, and Xavathras. Return to Eridan Bluewind in Felwood when the task has been completed.","Ridding Felwood of Xavathras is only the first step in a long process. It will take much work to repair the damage that has been done here.$B$BI sense that there is something much larger than just the satyrs at work here, but we will only know the truth with time...","","","","",""
4441,"Felbound Ancients","The flute you found was carved from an ancient protector, the treant allies that have faithfully protected the night elves.$B$BThe satyrs have been able to corrupt anything they come in contact with, which includes the ancients that made Felwood their home. By the use of the fel, the spirit of the ancient has been bound and tortured, never completely released. The felbind you found is no doubt related.$B$BWe must try to purify the flute, $N. Bring me blessed water from the Temple of the Moon in Darnassus.","Travel to Darnassus and use Eridan's Vial to collect a Vial of Blessed Water from the Temple of the Moon. Return to Eridan with the filled vial.","Thank you, $N. Now, we must pray that we can undo the damage that has been done...","","","","",""
4442,"Purified!","Using the water of Elune, I will attempt to purify the flute. We must end this suffering...$B$BMay Elune guide my hands and heart.$B$BSpeak with me again in a moment.","Speak to Eridan again in a moment.","With the blessed water, I was able to break the link between the flute and the ancient spirit. I do believe though, that if you were to use this flute in a sacred spot, you may be able to summon the ancient spirits.$B$BPerhaps you might try the ruins in the southern part of Irontree Woods. Many corrupted treants inhabited this area at one time, and it is possible that they may still reside there, even in spirit form.","","","","",""
4443,"Corrupted Whipper Root","","","You apply 3 Cenarion Plant Salves to the Whipper Root. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4444,"Corrupted Whipper Root","","","You apply 3 Cenarion Plant Salves to the Whipper Root. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4445,"Corrupted Whipper Root","","","You apply 3 Cenarion Plant Salves to the Whipper Root. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4446,"Corrupted Whipper Root","","","You apply 3 Cenarion Plant Salves to the Whipper Root. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4447,"Corrupted Night Dragon","","","You apply 4 Cenarion Plant Salves to the Night Dragon. It immediately begins to shed it's corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4448,"Corrupted Night Dragon","","","You apply 4 Cenarion Plant Salves to the Night Dragon. It immediately begins to shed it's corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4449,"Caught!","Hey! Hey, you! Get over here!$B$BYa gotta help me out. I was runnin' from them Dark Iron dwarves, and I hid in here to get out of sight. Damn bastard geologists and their magic ways! They musta seen me hide, cause next thing I knew, they locked the door and stuck me in here.$B$BTeach them geologists a lesson! Oh... an' can ya get me some pieces of silk cloth for... for... nothin'.","Kill 8 Dark Iron Geologists and bring 15 pieces of Silk Cloth to the person locked in the outhouse in Searing Gorge.","Oh, this is great! Nice feel to it too!$B$BWhat? Oh, yeah... geologists. Got 'em good, did ya? I can't thank ya enough, $N. That'll give me some time to finish up in here... Thanks again, $N.","","","","",""
4450,"Ledger from Tanaris","Oh, you know what? That reminds me.$B$BYou wanna finish up a little job I took up while I was in Tanaris? It's easy...$B$BKrinkle Goodsteel in Gadgetzan was lookin' for some stuff found here in Searing Gorge and a few other places. Maybe you could take a look at the list and then bring it all to him?$B$BI'll just slide his ledger under the door if you're interested. Take that, and the stuff he wants back to him after ya collected it all.","Take the copy of Goodsteel's Ledger and then find the items listed in it before seeking Krinkle Goodsteel in Tanaris.","Oh, you've seen fit to do some of the work I requested. Excellent. And here I thought you were going to ask me to craft you something.$B$BThese are all perfect... and everything's here. Thank you, $c.$B$BMaybe it wouldn't hurt to reward you some... hmm, what would you find useful.","","","","",""
4451,"The Key to Freedom","The small brass key looks simple enough.. The only thing that seems to make it stand out are some words scratched into the head of it:$B$B\"Dark Iron Outhouse - Do Not Duplicate.\"$B$BYou have no idea what it means or what it will lead to.","Search Searing Gorge and find a use for the Grimesilt Outhouse Key you have found.","Well, I'll be! How in tarnation!? You found the key! I knew them blasted Dark Irons were hiding it after they locked me in here! Thank ya so much, $N. You're the greatest! Now, just turn the key and let ol' Locheed outta here!","","","","",""
4461,"Corrupted Whipper Root","","","You apply 3 Cenarion Plant Salves to the Whipper Root. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4462,"Corrupted Night Dragon","","","You apply 4 Cenarion Plant Salves to the Night Dragon. It immediately begins to shed it's corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4463,"Libram of Rumination","","","Take your trinket, fool. Leave me to my studies!","","","","",""
4464,"Corrupted Songflower","","","You apply some Cenarion plant salve to the songflower. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4465,"Corrupted Songflower","","","You apply some Cenarion plant salve to the songflower. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4466,"Corrupted Windblossom","","","You apply two Cenarion plant salves to the windblossom.  It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4467,"Corrupted Windblossom","","","You apply two Cenarion plant salves to the windblossom. It immediately begins to shed its corrupted form, blossoming into a vibrant and healthy plant.","","","","",""
4481,"Libram of Constitution","","","It is disgrace to his memory... a mortal, such as yourself, finishing his life's work.$B$BTake your amalgamation and be gone!","","","","",""
4482,"Libram of Tenacity","","","It took Kariel what would amount to several of your lifetimes to complete the libram that you now hold, $R. All for what? So that his disciple could stand in the Burning Steppes and bastardize his research in order to satiate a never ending arcane craving... Curse this foul addiction.$B$BI am disgusted with your lack of compassion and insatiable greed. Be gone!","","","","",""
4483,"Libram of Resilience","","","Other librams are lost in this world. Lost in places you would not dare enter. Places you would pray did not exist.$B$BI will drink in the energies of these components. You shall be given the residual waste...","","","","",""
4484,"Libram of Voracity","","","My head throbs... The energies of the vast expanses that makes up our universe... ARGGH!$B$BTake what you desire and leave!","","","","",""
4485,"The Tome of Nobility","Hello, $N. I see your dedication remains strong, as does your faith.$B$BI think it is time you spoke with Duthorian Rall in Stormwind. There are some more lessons for you to learn, and I feel you are prepared.$B$BSeek him out in the Cathedral of Light, and $N, take these lessons seriously. You've attained your status through humility and hard work, do not disappoint us by becoming arrogant.$B$BBe well.","Speak to Duthorian Rall in Stormwind.","","","","","",""
4486,"The Tome of Nobility","Well, well, well, look at the mighty paladin in all $ghis:her; regality.$B$BSorry, $N, I meant no offense... I just get a little jealous sometimes when I see some of the feats you've accomplished. Tiza tells me it's my weakness, and I swore to her I'd work on it. It's just hard sometimes, you know?$B$BBut the reason I wanted to talk to you was because Duthorian Rall in Stormwind sent word for you to meet him in the Cathedral of Light when you're ready. Sounded important. Sounded like something's going on.","Speak to Duthorian Rall in Stormwind.","","","","","",""
4487,"Summon Felsteed","Ah, good, you're here. I sent a $g succubus:infernal; after you to get your attention, but it seems you were able to get here before it found you. No matter.$B$BThere has been some talk lately of your growing power--that is good for you, possibly bad for others. But those are irrelevant points. The point is, I feel you've proven yourself and therefore are deserving of... hehe... a blessing of sorts.$B$BAbove Ratchet in the Barrens you'll find a man named Strahad. I believe you've crossed paths before.","Speak to Strahad Farsan in Ratchet.","","","","","",""
4488,"Summon Felsteed","Ah, $N, you've seen fit to grace us with your presence. How wonderful!$B$BI hope you do not expect us to wait on you hand and foot also. You may be growing quickly in power, but you still are a pup when it comes to true knowledge and understanding. If you're not careful, corruption will overwhelm you and your weak will.$B$BBut I should get to the point: Strahad wishes to speak to you. He is still residing in his tower overlooking Ratchet in the Barrens. I suggest not taking too long.","Speak to Strahad Farsan in Ratchet.","","","","","",""
4489,"Summon Felsteed","You, $r! Come here!$B$BYou're the one they call $N, yes?$B$BI thought as much. I will keep this short: you're growing in power, and it has been acknowledged. And now, the time has come that you are rewarded for your efforts.$B$BGo to the Barrens. There, above Ratchet, you'll find Strahad Farsan--perhaps you remember him? He would have words with you. I wouldn't take long.","Speak to Strahad Farsan in Ratchet.","So, you've decided to grace my presence again. How kind of you.$B$BMy acolytes wondered if you'd ever show up. I told them there was no doubt. When power is concerned, you are drawn in like a moth to the flame.","","","","",""
4490,"Summon Felsteed","I would give you a reward for your patience and hard work. But know this, the ability to summon a Felsteed will be much more difficult in the future. You will have to earn it... and it will not be easy.$B$BFor now, go with the power to summon such a creature and use it as you see fit.","Speak to Strahad Farsan in Ratchet to learn the ability to summon a Felsteed.","Good luck, $N. I look forward to seeing you in the future.","","","","",""
4491,"A Little Help From My Friends","Ugh... It's so hot...$B$BI was exploring this area, when all of a sudden, the heat just became unbearable. I must be suffering from heat exhaustion.$B$BPlease, help me get back to my friend Spraggle at Marshal's Refuge. I think I'm well enough to follow you there.$B$BI am feeling a little out of it, so if I do happen to faint again, just splash some water on me from Spraggle's canteen. That should work, I hope...","Lead Ringo to Spraggle Frock at Marshal's Refuge.$B$BIf Ringo faints, use Spraggle's Canteen to revive him.","Ringo's not in the best shape, $N, but I am glad to have him back in one piece!$B$BThank you for finding him.","Escort Ringo to Spraggle Frock at Marshal's Refuge","","","",""
4492,"Lost!","You've got to help me, $N! My friend, Ringo left earlier to explore the volcano to the south of here, and he has been gone way too long. I am really worried about him.$B$BDo you think you could find him? Why don't you take my canteen with you -- if you do find Ringo, I'm sure he'll need it!","Find Ringo at Fire Plume Ridge.","Oh... I'm so glad someone found me...","","","","",""
4493,"March of the Silithid","It would seem that the silithid's intent, nay - reason for being, is to devour everything in their path that is not of their ecology.  Their focus is singular, and it is for this reason they are a grave threat to all life on Azeroth.$B$BWhat we've seen to date is but the first stages.  I suspect that their strength comes from deeper in Kalimdor: Un'Goro Crater.  Go to Gadgetzan in the Tanaris desert and speak to Alchemist Pestlezugg.  Tell him of my theory; he will surely aid us in fighting the silithid.","Speak to Alchemist Pestlezugg in Gadgetzan.","Yes, I gathered that Gracina sent you to me.  Your experience in fighting these beasties is priceless; no one to my knowledge has ever dealt with their kind before.  As for Gracina's idea that Un'Goro Crater is their heart... perhaps it is.  Un'Goro is a mysterious and dangerous jungle to the west of here.  Perhaps it is also one step closer to figuring out what the silithid are all about.","","","","",""
4494,"March of the Silithid","It would seem that the silithid's intent, nay - reason for being, is to devour everything in their path that is not of their ecology.  Their focus is singular, and it is for this reason they are a grave threat to all life on Azeroth.$B$BWhat we've seen to date is but the first stages.  I suspect that their strength comes from deeper in Kalimdor: Un'Goro Crater.  Go to Gadgetzan in the Tanaris desert and speak to Alchemist Pestlezugg.  Tell him of my theory; he will surely aid us in fighting the silithid.","Speak to Alchemist Pestlezugg in Gadgetzan.","Yes, I gathered that Zilzibin sent you to me.  Your experience in fighting these beasties is priceless; no one to my knowledge has ever dealt with their kind before.  As for Zil's idea that Un'Goro Crater is their heart... perhaps it is.  Un'Goro is a mysterious and dangerous jungle to the west of here.  Perhaps it is also one step closer to figuring out what the silithid are all about.","","","","",""
4495,"A Good Friend","A friend of mine named Iverron usually visits me at the same time every day. The strange thing is that he hasn't been by today at all -- he's several hours late, in fact.$B$BI admit, I am a little worried, $N. Iverron spends a lot of time over by the cave to the north, and I'm sure you know how dangerous it is there -- spiders, everywhere!$B$BIf you happen to be going that way, though, will you keep an eye out for him?","Find Iverron by the cave to the north.","I'm so glad you found me, $N. How did you know I was here?","","","","",""
4496,"Bungle in the Jungle","My research revealed to me that the silithid are like bees; destroy the queen of the hive, and the rest of should be thrown into disarray.  I'll brew a lure that we'll use to bring out the queen; once summoned, you'll take her down.$B$BFirst though, we need some reagents; we don't want you bungling into the jungle unprepared.  Go west to find the silithid hive in Un'Goro Crater and obtain a scent gland from one of the bugs.  I'll also need some samples of the native Un'Goro soil.","Bring a Gorishi Scent Gland and 5 Un'Goro Soil samples to Alchemist Pestlezugg in Gadgetzan.","The scent gland, ah yes.  The membrane appears intact - excellent.  The soil, yes, this should work out perfectly.  With my special additions, I should be able to grind all this up into the perfect lure.$B$BGive me a moment to make the lure, $N.  Once it's ready, we'll be able to enact the next step that may hopefully stop the silithid before they overrun Gadgetzan... and the rest of Kalimdor.","","","","",""
4501,"Beware of Pterrordax","Wanted: A skilled fighter to deal with the threat of the Pterrordax that inhabit the Un'Goro Crater. Their numbers are growing, and they are becoming a menace to travelers in the area.$B$BDecrease the population by slaying 10 pterrordax and 15 frenzied pterrordax.$B$BSpeak with Spraggle Frock after completing the task for a reward.","Kill 10 Pterrordax and 15 Frenzied Pterrordax, then speak to Spraggle Frock at Marshal's Refuge.","I am absolutely terrified of the pterrordax here! Thank you for decreasing their numbers, $N. Now I might feel safe enough to venture out of Marshal's Refuge.","","","","",""
4502,"Volcanic Activity","Being an apprentice to Marvon Rivetseeker, I've learned so much. But he's been gone for such a long time now, so I think I'm going to work on some experiments of my own.$B$BI've been reading about Un'Goro Crater most recently, and about the strange volcanic activity going on in the middle of the crater. I think a lot could be learned if I could just get some of the ash from the elementals there.$B$BDo you think you'd mind collecting some for me, if you are going that way?","Collect 9 samples of Un'Goro Ash from the fire elementals around the volcano in Un'Goro Crater, and return them to Liv Rizzlefix in Ratchet.","These samples will be perfect for my studies! Thank you, $N! I promise, you'll be the first one I will tell about my findings.","","","","",""
4503,"Shizzle's Flyer","I'm making a flying machine!$B$BI got stranded here, and I'm absolutely horrible at finding my way around. I'd take a gryphon or wind rider back to Gadgetzan, but those beasts just scare me to death.$B$BSo, will you help me? All I have left to build is the wings, and I was thinking that the webby scales from the pterrordax and diemetradon would be perfect. There's no way I'm going to go up against one of those, but you look pretty tough. Why don't you give it a try?","Collect 8 Webbed Diemetradon Scales and 8 Webbed Pterrordax Scales for Shizzle in Marshal's Refuge.","Yes, these scales are perfect. I should be able to get this flyer off the ground with these scales for sure!$B$BThanks!","","","","",""
4504,"Super Sticky","I'm always looking for a quick way to earn a gold, $N. If you help me with my newest idea, I'll let you in on a little of the profit. How does that sound to you?$B$BI thought so!$B$BHead to the tar pits in northern Un'Goro Crater, and collect me some tar. Not just any tar, now, you'll need to get it from the beasts that live around the tar pits. Regular tar just simply isn't sticky enough.$B$BThe plant-like creatures contain chlorophyll in their skin, and mixed with the tar, it's super sticky!","Collect 12 samples of Super Sticky Tar for Tran'rek in Gadgetzan.","Yes, this tar is just the stuff...$B$BHey, wait a minute, my hands... I can't seem to get them apart...$B$BMaybe this wasn't such a good idea. Oh, but wait! Super sticky tar remover! That's where the real money is!","","","","",""
4505,"Well of Corruption","Some may say that I am exceptionally cruel... But truly, it is only a strong desire to see the Horde gain an advantage against the Alliance, in any way possible.$B$BMy newest interest is a moonwell at the Ruins of Constellas, south of here, tended by the Jadefire satyrs. The moonwell, once a symbol of renewal for the insufferable night elves, is now corrupted, and used to bring forth more satyrs.$B$BI have an idea, $N, and I'd like a sample of the water... for my little feline friend here.","Collect a sample of corrupted water from the Jadefire Satyrs' moonwell and bring it to Winna Hazzard at Bloodvenom Post.","Very well. We must find a way to use this corruption against our enemies...","","","","",""
4506,"Corrupted Sabers","This corrupted water can be used to our advantage, $N. With just a small amount of the water, my kitten doubled in size, and seems to be stronger... somehow. These cats may prove useful...$B$BHere, $N. Take this cat carrier, and release the kitten inside next to the moon well in the Ruins of Constellas. Heh, heh... I'm sure you'll be pleased with the results!$B$BReturn the cat to me, and I'm sure I can make it worth your time.","Take Winna's kitten to the corrupted moon well, release it, then bring it back to Winna.$B$BOnce you have returned to Winna, click on the cat to release it to Winna.","Excellent!$b$bThe forsaken will resort to any means necessary to crush the alliance! The use of the corrupted water will surely prove useful in our future efforts...","Return the corrupted cat to Winna Hazzard","","","",""
4507,"Pawn Captures Queen","Here's the lure.  Inside the hive network should be a crystal of some sort.  We think the silithid use the crystal as some sort of hive-wide attunement device.  As for where this crystal might be, I'd say try the hatcheries inside the hive.$B$BUsing the lure on the crystal should roust out the queen, but be warned - she will probably be protected by several guards.  Take out the queen and remove her brain.  As icky as that sounds, we desperately need to study it.  Good luck, $N!","Defeat the Gorishi Hive Queen once she is summoned.$B$BBring the Gorishi Queen's Brain to Alchemist Pestlezugg in Gadgetzan.","Fantastic, $N!  We've won quite the victory here today.  It will take some time for us to fully understand what we have here; we'll put it to good use though, don't you worry about that.$B$BAs for the silithid, I genuinely doubt that this was the full extent of their presence.  This is much too clean of a resolution, I'm sorry to say.","","","","",""
4508,"Calm Before the Storm","My recent findings and the knowledge we have gained here today needs to reach hands that can quite possibly do something with it.  As resourceful as we are here in Gadgetzan, we can't do this alone.$B$BTake my latest report back to Gracina Spiritmight in Darnassus; she's still at the Temple of the Moon, is she not?  She's got friends who are Alliance bigwigs; if we can get them involved in this $N, then we just might make it out of this alive.","Bring Pestlezugg's Un'Goro Report to Gracina Spiritmight in Darnassus.","While I genuinely appreciate this, I am not sure what good it will do us.  The Alliance ignores threats from any source other than the Horde, and even our own leaders here in Darnassus cannot agree on what exactly this threat is.  Fools like Fandral Staghelm theorize that the silithid are nothing like the threat from the ancient past I claim them to be.  His ignorance is only surpassed by his arrogance.$B$BYou have seen the threat yourself, $N.  We must remain committed to defeating the silithid!","","","","",""
4509,"Calm Before the Storm","My recent findings and the knowledge we have gained here today needs to reach hands that can quite possibly do something with it.  As resourceful as we are here in Gadgetzan, we can't do this alone.$B$BTake my latest report back to Zilzibin Drumlore in Orgrimmar; he's still in his place on the upper part of the Drag, is he not?  He's got friends who are high within the Horde; if we can get them involved in this $N, then we just might make it out of this alive.","Bring Pestlezugg's Un'Goro Report to Zilzibin Drumlore in Orgrimmar.","While I genuinely appreciate this, I am not sure what good it will do us.  The Horde ignores threats from any source other than the Alliance.  While Thrall himself might take action were the facts presented to him, he is beset on all sides by conflicting advice.  These fools would have us chase our own imaginary tails were they to think it might catch the Alliance unawares!$B$BYou have seen the threat yourself, $N.  We must remain committed to defeating the silithid!","","","","",""
4510,"Calm Before the Storm","$N, your help has been immeasurable.  The time will come, no doubt, when I'll ask for your assistance against the silithid once more.  We must absorb what we have learned in Un'Goro; I fear that my assumptions that the silithid originated from Un'Goro are now wrong... that indeed there is a far stronger presence somewhere.$B$BTake this note to Idriana at the bank.  She'll give you something from my vault that should be viewed as a token of my gratitude.  Thank you for your assistance, brave $c.","Bring the Bank Voucher to Idriana in the bank of Darnassus.","This bank voucher authorizes me to withdraw an item from Gracina Spiritmight's account with us and present it to you.  Congratulations would seem to be in order!","","","","",""
4511,"Calm Before the Storm","$N, we could not have gotten this far without you.  The time will come soon, no doubt, when I'll ask for your help against the silithid once more.  We must absorb what we have learned in Un'Goro; I fear that my assumptions that the silithid originated from Un'Goro are now wrong... that indeed there is a far stronger presence somewhere.$B$BTake this note to Karus at the bank.  He'll give you something from my vault that should be viewed as a token of my gratitude.  Thank you for your assistance, mighty $c.","Bring the Bank Voucher to Karus in the bank of Orgrimmar.","This bank voucher authorizes me to withdraw an item from Zilzibin Drumlore's account with us and present it to you.  Congratulations would seem to be in order!","","","","",""
4512,"A Little Slime Goes a Long Way","But the thing I've studied most is ooze. I know it sounds odd, but they're all over!$B$BI helped a lady in Menethil find her bag not too long ago--it was eaten by oozes. I've seen members of the Royal Apothecary Society from Undercity collecting samples of the stuff. I want to know why! Where does it come from?$B$BI've heard of more in Felwood. What I need are samples of the oozes there so I can further my research. I'll give you containers, you use them to collect a sample from the deceased creatures.","Bring 6 Filled Cursed Ooze Jars and 6 Filled Tainted Ooze Jars to Laris Geardawdle in Ironforge.","Amazing results, $N! You got close enough to take a sample of the corrupted things, and managed to look no worse for wear! Thank you. Oh, these samples will be perfect. I can't wait to start testing on them.$B$BIf I'm right, I could be one of the Explorers' Leagues greatest scientists!$B$BThat'll prove to all the dwarves that it wasn't a mistake to allow us gnomes into Ironforge  after the Gnomeregan incident.","","","","",""
4513,"A Little Slime Goes a Long Way","I'm going to need more samples, $N. But--and I don't know how to put this--they have to be pure samples. I know, I know. \"What does 'pure' mean, Laris?\" I'm not sure. I do know that these are corrupt... just like Felwood. Which is what makes my realization so important. The oozes seem to adapt... to take on the aspects of the area they're in. I'll need to find samples that haven't been polluted. But where? Where?!$B$BBah! $N, take these containers just in case you find any on your own.","Bring 10 Filled Pure Sample Jars to Laris Geardawdle in Ironforge.$B$BIf you have trouble finding them, perhaps try to get more clues from Laris.","You've found it? $N, you are a treasure unto yourself. Your dedication and aid has been magnificent and I could not possibly thank you enough.$B$BPlease, take this for your troubles. I have some work to do, but I'm sure, if you come back at a later time, I'll have need of your services again.$B$BThank you. Thank you so much.","","","","",""
4521,"Wild Guardians","Winterspring lies just beyond Timbermaw, northeast of Felwood. Have you been there?$B$BI have heard that the area is laden with creatures called wildkin. These beasts have been known to guard secrets; secrets of the Night elves.$B$BWe must figure out what may be hidden in Winterspring.$B$BI have heard the ragged owlbeasts can be found just south of the road, and that there are others called raging owlbeasts that may be found in the center of Winterspring. Clear them out, and gain access to the land.","Trull Failbane in Felwood wants you to kill 15 Raging Owlbeasts and 15 Ragged Owlbeasts.","This is excellent news, $N. With these beasts out of the way, we can begin to adventure further into Winterspring. Are you ready for more?","","","","",""
4542,"Message to Freewind Post","Brave traveler, the centaurs have increased their attacks in this area. Freewind Post must know about this renewed harassment immediately! Seek Cliffwatcher Longhorn at Freewind Post to the southeast and give him this urgent message.$b$bBe warned, avoid the Grimtotem Clan nearby... they have been acting strange toward us lately.\

\
\
","Bring the Urgent Message to Cliffwatcher Longhorn at Freewind Post.","More bad news! These centaurs have gone too far! They raided one of my supply caravans and slaughtered the whole party. This is an outrage, and it will not go unpunished!\
","","","","",""
4561,"Testing for Impurities - Un'Goro Crater","","","You pick up the petri dish with the slime sample in it. The only way to discern if the samples is pure enough is to open it and examine the contents yourself. Ideally you'll find a sample that fits Chemist Fuely's criteria.","","","","",""
4581,"Kayneth Stillwind","The druid Kayneth Stillwind sent word to me.  He would like a report of the happenings along our coast and in the forests surrounding Astranaar.  He fears there is a corruption moving through Ashenvale... and he may be right.$B$BHere, take my report to him.  You will find him in the shrine of Forest Song, in the Nightsong Woods to the east.","Take Shindrell's Note to Kayneth Stillwind in Forest Song.","Ah, Shindrell's report!  Many thanks, $N.  Shindrell is a fine sentinel, brave and keen.  I must read this for clues of a wickedness I fear is moving through Ashenvale.","","","","",""
4601,"The Sparklematic 5200!","This contraption stands out amongst the gnomes holding out against the madness outside the room.  A small plaque on the device reads \"The Sparklematic 5200\", followed by some text:$B$B\"Grime and residue ruining your sparklies?  The Sparklematic 5200 puts the shine back in shine-tastic!  Insert the item you wish to clean and deposit three silver coins in the coin slot.  Give the Sparklematic 5200 a moment for operation, and voila!  Your valuables will emerge clean and shiny!\"","Insert a Grime-Encrusted Item into the Sparklematic 5200, and be sure to have three silver coins to start the machine.","You insert the grime-encrusted item and three silver coins into the Sparklematic 5200. The machine surges to live in an almost frenzied attempt to purge the grime from the unknown item. Loud, violent churning sounds beat from the heart of the machine. The metal frame of the beast creaks and groans as it lurches from side to side...","","","","",""
4602,"The Sparklematic 5200!","This contraption stands out amongst the gnomes holding out against the madness outside the room.  A small plaque on the device reads \"The Sparklematic 5200\", followed by some text:$B$B\"Grime and residue ruining your sparklies?  The Sparklematic 5200 puts the shine back in shine-tastic!  Insert the item you wish to clean and deposit three silver coins in the coin slot.  Give the Sparklematic 5200 a moment for operation, and voila!  Your valuables will emerge clean and shiny!\"","Insert a Grime-Encrusted Item into the Sparklematic 5200, and be sure to have three silver coins to start the machine.","You insert the grime-encrusted item and three silver coins into the Sparklematic 5200. The machine surges to life in a frenzied attempt to purge the grime from the unknown item. Loud, violent churning sounds beat from the heart of the machine. The metal frame of the beast creaks and groans as it lurches from side to side...","","","","",""
4603,"More Sparklematic Action","","","The Sparklematic 5200 comes to life, lurching to and fro. Inside, the helpless grime that has encrusted the object placed within it is being pulverized by the machine's gnomish cleaning agent.$B$BThe Sparklematic 5200 comes to a halt, heralded by a familiar \"ding!\" The item receptacle of the machine spirals open, revealing a neatly wrapped box.","","","","",""
4604,"More Sparklematic Action","","","The Sparklematic 5200 comes to life, lurching to and fro. Inside, the helpless grime that has encrusted the object placed within it is being pulverized by the machine's gnomish cleaning agent.$B$BThe Sparklematic 5200 comes to a halt, heralded by a familiar \"ding!\" The item receptacle of the machine spirals open, revealing a neatly wrapped box.","","","","",""
4605,"The Sparklematic 5200!","","","As quickly as it started, the Sparklematic 5200 comes to an abrupt halt. A simple \"ding\" is heard from the machine, and the mouth of the machine spirals upward. Inside the Sparklematic 5200 is a small box wrapped in a little bow. The machine would appear to wrap an object up after eliminating its grime-encrusted status. Even if the machine didn't work, at least the item is now wrapped in a pretty box.$B$BWell, there is one way to find out if it cleaned the item or not...","","","","",""
4606,"The Sparklematic 5200!","","","As quickly as it started, the Sparklematic 5200 comes to an abrupt halt. A simple \"ding\" is heard from the machine, and the mouth of the machine spirals upward. Inside the Sparklematic 5200 is a small box wrapped in a little bow. The machine would appear to wrap an object up after eliminating its grime-encrusted status. Even if the machine didn't work, at least the item is now wrapped in a pretty box.$B$BWell, there is one way to find out if it cleaned the item or not...","","","","",""
4621,"Avast Ye, Admiral!","Listen close, sea dawg... the powers of Booty Bay is what keeps us Bloodsail from sailing wheres we like and taking whats we want as rights o' plunder.  Were ye to put a knife to Fleet Master Seahorn, we'd ne'er run afoul of a Booty Bay's vessel.  Were ye to put a knife to Baron Revilgaz, we'd ne'er face the law on their terms.$B$BIf ye are to be an honorary admiral amongst us - yes, ADMIRAL, you'll puts a knife to both of 'em as I've says.  Go now $g lad : lass;, and return to me once ye does the deeds.","Slay Fleet Master Seahorn and Baron Revilgaz of Booty Bay, and then return to Fleet Master Firallon aboard the Crimson Veil off the coast of Stranglethorn Vale.","Avast ye... Admiral $N!  Yer a pirate of pirates, lass!$B$BIt warms the cackles of me heart to give ye this hat.  Ye will ne'er find one like it anywheres, and all that gazes upon ye will see that yer an Admiral of the Bloodsail Navy!","","","","",""
4641,"Your Place In The World","Finally, you are of age, $N... of age to battle in the name of the Horde. To conquer for the glory of the Warchief.$B$BYes...$B$B<Kaltunk looks you over.>$B$BYou will do nicely.$B$BNo doubt you wish to find a great dragon or demon and strangle it with your bare hands, but perhaps it would be wise to start on something less... dangerous.$B$B<Kaltunk laughs.>$B$BReport to Gornek, he should be able to assign a task better suited to a young $c. You will find Gornek in the Den, to the west.\
","Speak with Gornek. You recall Kaltunk marking your map with his location and mentioning that Gornek resided in the Den, a building to the west. \
\
","Another one of Kaltunk's recruits, hm?$B$BA sorry state of affairs we find ourselves in if this is the best the Horde can produce. No matter. By the time we think you're ready to leave the Valley, you'll be a proud $C of the Horde.","","","","",""
4642,"Melding of Influences","Here is some encased ooze created from the Felwood samples you recovered. Take the case to Un'Goro Crater and find a pure ooze... the primal variety will do nicely. When you get close enough, release the ooze in the case, and let us see what the two think of one another.$B$BAfter the experiment concludes, bring me a sample of whatever is left over. I will await you here in the Apothecarium.","Bring a Merged Ooze Sample to Chemist Fuely in Undercity.","Oh, most excellent, $N. This is most excellent.$B$BSuch a tale. Who would have thought the two would interact with one another in such a way... I will have to spend more time looking at the environmental issues that cause changes in these creatures.$B$BI will continue my research for now. Perhaps we will speak again soon. Until then, I wish you well.","","","","",""
4661,"Testing for Corruption - Felwood","","","You pick up the petri dish with the slime sample in it. The only way to discern if the samples is pure enough is to open it and examine the contents yourself. Ideally you'll find a sample that fits Chemist Fuely's criteria.","","","","",""
4681,"Washed Ashore <needs reward>","That beached creature is not an isolated incident here in Darkshore.  There are more along the coastline and even in the water.  I would like for you to investigate another one that we know of; this one was reported to be in the water due west of Auberdine, close to a sunken vessel.  Return to me with anything that you may recover that would aid our research.$B$BAlso, in your travels you may find other creatures.  By all means, if you should discover anything then please bring it to our attention!","Recover the Sea Turtle Remains from the Skeletal Sea Turtle in the waters west of Auberdine, and then speak with Gwennyth Bly'Leggonde back in Auberdine.","You've been a tremendous help here today; we now have a solid chance at unlocking the mystery of why these creatures choose to beach themselves on the coast of Darkshore.  The idea that they might be fleeing the area around Teldrassil is disturbing.  Should you come across others in your travels, please let me know.  Our research here is but in its infancy.$B$BOn behalf of the Temple of the Moon, please accept this as thanks for the effort you have given.  Thank you, $N!","","","","",""
4701,"Put Her Down","You have no doubt seen the worgs which the Blackrock orcs command.$B$BIt is curious - no matter how many we destroy, their numbers never dwindle. My scouts have reported that the worgs are bred, trained, and ultimately exported from Blackrock Spire: capital city of the Blackrock orcs. You must travel to Blackrock Spire and discover the source of this menace. Discover... and destroy.$B$BGood luck, $N. May Cenarius protect you...\
","Travel to Blackrock Spire and destroy the source of the worg menace. As you left Helendis, he shouted a name: Halycon. It is what the orcs refer to in regards to the worg.","Do not dwell upon her suffering, $N. The beast was corrupt - a product of dark magic. You have done the Alliance a great service and you shall be rewarded.","","","","",""
4721,"Wild Guardians","Runners have returned from Winterspring with reports that there is a series of small caves in the southern area of Winterspring. It seems that there are wildkin situated in the area around these caves. If there is something valuable that they are guarding, I believe that this is the place we will find it.$B$BYou will find these to be more of a challenge than the previous types, $N. The creatures seem to have gone mad from exposure to the very thing that they strive to protect. ","Trull Failbane in Felwood wants you to hunt 10 Berserk Owlbeasts in Winterspring.","Hard work is something I have great respect for, $N. Now we can move forward with our plans for Winterspring.","","","","",""
4722,"Beached Sea Turtle","You find a corpse of a sea turtle that had beached itself on the coast of Darkshore some time ago.  It has been scavenged by the murlocs who have encamped themselves around the creature's remains.  Still, there appear to be some suitable samples left on the creature's remains that Gwennyth Bly'Leggonde in Auberdine might be able to make use of.","Take the Sea Turtle Remains to Gwennyth Bly'Leggonde in Auberdine.","Another discovery for us to research - well done $N!  These remains will be properly studied once they get to Darnassus.  Please accept this small honorarium in exchange for the remains you have provided for our study.","","","","",""
4723,"Beached Sea Creature","The remains of a giant thresher - much larger than one you'd expect to find in Darkshore - lie beached on the coast of the Mist's Edge.  How this creature came to be here is unknown; the group of murlocs that now feast off the carcass of it seem to be much too weak, even in large numbers, to have brought down the beast. $B$BWhile some of it has been picked clean, enough of it remains to take a sample for Gwennyth Bly'Leggonde in Auberdine to study.","Take the Sea Creature Bones to Gwennyth Bly'Leggonde in Auberdine.","Another discovery - well done $N!  These remains will be properly studied once they get to Darnassus.  Please accept this small honorarium in exchange for the remains you have provided for our study.","","","","",""
4724,"The Pack Mistress","Some say the worg controlled by the Blackrock orcs are the creation of a supernatural force. Others say they are not true worg but instead a breed of demon dog, granted to the orcs by a fallen pit lord.$B$BThe truth is far less contrived but every bit as frightening. The worg of Blackrock come from Halycon and her mate. Halycon is the gigantic den mother of the worg. Her mate? Nobody has ever lived to tell the tale of that one.$B$BStrike at the heart of the worg. Destroy Halycon... and $N, watch your back.","Slay Halycon, pack mistress of the Bloodaxe worg.","Rabid pups? Gizrul the Slavener? And you live to tell the tale?! Incredible! A tribute well earned!","","","","",""
4725,"Beached Sea Turtle","More sea turtle remains lie beached along the coastline.  This particular set has an abandoned carriage attached to the turtle's shell.  Perhaps this creature was driven to the shoreline by unknown beings rather than beaching itself as some of the other remains suggested.  Greymist murlocs now make the remains of this creature their home, feasting off the carrion.$B$BIn the carriage, you find a box with strange markings on it; perhaps Gwennyth Bly'Leggonde in Auberdine can make sense of it.","Take the Strangely Marked Box to Gwennyth Bly'Leggonde in Auberdine.","I have heard of the kinds of carriages found on the back of the turtle you found. Those I do believe are naga carriages, used both in battle and in transportation of their supplies on to land. The markings on the box you found are of the naga; this would explain their invasive presence in far-northern Darkshore.$b$bI will send this box to Darnassus along with the rest of your discoveries. This is for you - thank you again for your assistance.","","","","",""
4726,"Broodling Essence","I have been studying the dragonkin of the Burning Steppes for weeks, and I think I've finally had a breakthrough!  I created a device--I call it the Draco Incarcinatrix 900.  It can capture the essence of dragon whelp broodlings!$B$BOr, at least I think it can.$B$BHere, take the device and zap a broodling in the Burning Steppes with it.  While it's under the device's effects, defeat the broodling and its essence should be released.$B$BIf it is, then splendid!  Bring me back samples so I can study them!","Bring 8 Broodling Essence and the Draco-Incarcinatrix 900 to Tinkee Steamboil at the Flame Crest in the Burning Steppes.","It worked!  You got the essence!  Well done, $N!  Well done!$B$BThis essence will be invaluable in my research.  I hope to one day learn how to capture living dragons whelps, or perhaps capture their eggs.  If I could find a way to do that, then I would be the envy of dragon scholars around the world!$B$BMy employer would also be happy, and as I said before, he's someone you want to keep happy...","","","","",""
4727,"Beached Sea Turtle","The skeletal remains of a sea turtle lie in the sand of the northern Darkshore beaches.  The Greymist murlocs have either not found this carcass, or perhaps they have and are shying away from it for some unknown reason.  Regardless, there is enough of the turtle left to take a sample back to Gwennyth Bly'Leggonde in Auberdine for the Temple of the Moon to study.","Take the Sea Turtle Remains to Gwennyth Bly'Leggonde in Auberdine.","The bones you have are from gentle sea mammals that are known to inhabit the waters surrounding the base of Teldrassil. They had never been known to violently beach themselves like the threshers had been known to. Why would these creatures do this, I wonder? Well, perhaps the study of their remains will bear the fruits of knowledge that we seek.$B$BAgain, thank you for your aid. Please accept this honorarium from the Temple of the Moon.","","","","",""
4728,"Beached Sea Creature","The corpse of what appears to be some sort of giant sea mammal lies partially gutted on the beach.  A wheelbarrow and various tools lie abandoned by this enormous beached sea creature, as though an attempt to study it had been made previously.  Though murlocs have scavenged this beast, enough of it remains to gather a suitable sample for Gwennyth Bly'Leggonde in Auberdine.","Take the Sea Creature Bones to Gwennyth Bly'Leggonde in Auberdine.","Ah, I believe you discovered one that was originally being examined by the Explorer's League.  They have a presence here in Darkshore, and they had mentioned that they were studying one of the beached creatures until they were chased out by the murlocs.  You appear to have succeeded where we both have not.  Please - accept this honorarium on behalf of the Temple of the Moon.","","","","",""
4729,"Kibler's Exotic Pets","You're probably wondering what I'm doing out here. Look at the cages! Ain't it obvious?$B$BI'm an animal lover, first and foremost, but a salesman by trade. I track down exotic animals for the rich and famous and domesticate the beasts so they behave as proper pets.$B$BNow you're probably wondering, \"What can I do for you, Kibler.\" The answer is simple: Take this here beast cage and find me some worg pups. For that, I'll domesticate a worg for you!\
","Travel to Blackrock Spire and find Bloodaxe Worg Pups. Use the cage to carry the ferocious little beasts. Bring back a Caged Worg Pup to Kibler.","You got 'em at the perfect time, $N. Any later and they'd be untrainable! Gimmie a minute and I'll have the little fella ready for you to take home.","","","","",""
4730,"Beached Sea Creature","The half-devoured corpse of what might have been a giant sea mammal lies on the beach.  A band of murlocs, stronger than those found closer to Auberdine, have taken up residence around the fallen creature.  Enough of the creature remains that a suitable sample of its bones could be delivered to Gwennyth Bly'Leggonde in Auberdine.","Take the Sea Creature Bones to Gwennyth Bly'Leggonde in Auberdine.","The bones you have are from gentle sea mammals that are known to inhabit the waters surrounding the base of Teldrassil.  They had never been known to violently beach themselves like the threshers had been known to.  Why would these creatures do this, I wonder?  Well, perhaps the study of their remains will bear the fruits of knowledge that we seek.$B$BAgain, thank you for your aid.  Please accept this honorarium from the Temple of the Moon.","","","","",""
4731,"Beached Sea Turtle","Another set of sea turtle remains lie beached on the coastline.  This set of remains has an abandoned carriage half buckled to the turtle's shell.  Perhaps this creature was driven to the shoreline by unknown beings rather than beaching itself as some of the other remains suggested.  Powerful Greymist murlocs have made the carcass of this creature their current home.$B$BIn the carriage, you find a box with strange markings on it; perhaps Gwennyth Bly'Leggonde in Auberdine can make sense of it.","Take the Strangely Marked Box to Gwennyth Bly'Leggonde in Auberdine.","I have heard of the kinds of carriages found on the back of that turtle.  Those I do believe are naga carriages, used both in battle and in transportation of their supplies on to land.  The markings on the box you found are of the naga; perhaps the creature you discovered was killed as it was heading further south... to Ashenvale maybe?$B$BI will be sure to send this box to Darnassus with the rest of your discoveries.  This is for you - thank you again for your assistance.","","","","",""
4732,"Beached Sea Turtle","You find a corpse of a sea turtle that had beached itself on the coast of Darkshore some time ago.  It has been picked nearly clean by Greymist murlocs, the very ones who now have encamped themselves around the creature's remains.  Still, there appear to be some suitable samples left on the creature's remains that Gwennyth Bly'Leggonde in Auberdine might be able to make use of.","Take the Sea Turtle Remains to Gwennyth Bly'Leggonde in Auberdine.","You've found even more beached creatures, $N?  Sea turtles were commonly found frolicking along the base of Nordrassil before it was destroyed.  With the birth of Teldrassil, however, these creatures have been seen in ever decreasing numbers.  Some, as we have discovered, end their lives here for some unknown reason.$B$BYour aid will perhaps unlock the mystery before us.  Please accept this in exchange for the remains you have provided for our study.","","","","",""
4733,"Beached Sea Creature","The remains of what appear to be a giant thresher have washed ashore on the rocky inlet of the Twilight Shore.  The thresher is several times larger than any of the other threshers spotted in these parts.  Wherever it came from, this creature would not seem to have been native to Darkshore.$B$BThough the creature has been picked apart in places, enough of it remains to gather a suitable sample for Gwennyth Bly'Leggonde in Auberdine.","Take the Sea Creature Bones to Gwennyth Bly'Leggonde in Auberdine.","The dimensions of the thresher you mention are mind-boggling.  Even the eldest of the threshers in this region grow to only a fraction of that size.  While some larger ones were known to be close to Teldrassil, their numbers have declined steadily.  I cannot help but wonder if these creatures beaching themselves here are somehow related to this.$B$BWhile we analyze the bones you have brought us, please accept this on behalf of the Temple of the Moon.  Thank you, $N.","","","","",""
4734,"Egg Freezing","$N, I've been working hard on a new device, the eggscilloscope!  It's designed to project a burst of cold energy at the egg of a black dragon... and freeze it solid!  Can you test it for me?$B$BI heard that high up in Blackrock Spire, the dragons have a rookery where they hatch their eggs.  That's where you'll have to go to test the eggscilloscope, and then let me know how it worked!$B$BAnd don't worry.  Frozen dragon eggs should be harmless.  It's the unfrozen ones you have to worry about!","Use the Eggscilloscope Prototype on an egg in the Rookery.","It worked? Splendid! I knew it would!$b$bWhile you were gone I was working on a new version of the eggscilloscope. This one has a much longer range.$b$bHere, you can have one in case you go back to Blackrock Spire.","Test the Eggscilliscope Prototype","","","",""
4735,"Egg Collection","$N, I'm finally ready for real samples of dragon eggs!  Here, take this collectronic module.  It's designed to extract a dragon egg and prepare it for transport.  Go back to the Rookery and use the module to collect eggs.$B$BAnd don't forget to freeze them first, or they might hatch before you can collect them!$B$BWhen you have enough eggs, bring them to me! ","Bring 8 Collected Dragon Eggs and the Collectronic Module to Tinkee Steamboil at Flame Crest in the Burning Steppes.","Wow, you got them! The collectronic module worked! I'm a genius!$B$BThank you, $N. My patron will be very pleased to get these eggs...","","","","",""
4736,"In Search of Menara Voidrender","Ah, hello, $N. You're progressing well in your training. So well in fact that I think you should be rewarded for your hard work--and for not becoming corrupted by the arcane yet.$B$BIf you're interested, seek out Menara Voidrender in Ratchet. She is currently staying at Strahad Farsan's tower overlooking the town.$B$BShe's not very friendly, $N, so don't expect any praise. But if you work hard, she'll make sure you're taken care of.","Speak to Menara Voidrender in the Barrens.","Ah, Briarthorn sent you. Good. Then word does reach far enough to find future students. This pleases me.$B$BIt is typical of our kind, $N, to band together, regardless of race. It is especially important since those we deal with most do not discriminate in their malice if we fail to appease them or control them properly.$B$BI feel you've learned a great many things, and if you are willing, I would help you create tools to compliment your skills.","","","","",""
4737,"In Search of Menara Voidrender","Hmph, still you strive to become more powerful. I say it's only time before the corruption and addiction takes hold of you and you become a slave to that which you seek to gain power over.$B$BPfah! A fool you are! Time will prove me right--nothing else... just time.$B$BBut it seems that not all agree with Zevrost. It seems Menara would create tools for you to become more powerful and to harness your strength. If you're interested, then go to Ratchet in the Barrens. She is there overlooking the town.","Speak to Menara Voidrender in the Barrens.","Ah, Zevrost sent you. Good. Then word does reach far enough to find future students. This pleases me.$B$BIt is typical of our kind, $N, to band together, regardless of race. It is especially important since those we deal with most do not discriminate in their malice if we fail to appease them or control them properly.$B$BI feel you've learned a great many things, and if you are willing, I would help you create tools to compliment your skills.","","","","",""
4738,"In Search of Menara Voidrender","Let us be clear about one thing, $N: I don't feel you are ready for such responsibilities. I don't think aiding in the creation of any item of power is something a novice should ever be involved in; especially one so untested.$B$BBut that's not my decision. The powers that be, or at least the ones that do wish to impart such gifts upon you get to decide that.$B$BIf you're interested in learning more, I suggest you seek out Menara Voidrender in Ratchet. She usually resides in the tower above the port town.","Speak with Menara Voidrender in the Barrens.","Ah, Demisette sent you. Good. Then word does reach far enough to find future students. This pleases me.$B$BIt is typical of our kind, $N, to band together, regardless of race. It is especially important since those we deal with most do not discriminate in their malice if we fail to appease them or control them properly.$B$BI feel you've learned a great many things, and if you are willing, I would help you create tools to compliment your skills.","","","","",""
4739,"In Search of Menara Voidrender","$C! Yes, you!$B$BYou don't have all the accoutrements, but it's plain to see you're ready--the air around you exudes greater confidence. Yes, I see it now.$B$BMenara Voidrender would teach you a few things if you feel you're ready. She spends her time tutoring younger students in the arcane. She even gives gifts to those who pass her tests.$B$BGo to Ratchet in the Barrens if you're interested. She's above the city in Strahad's tower.","Speak to Menara Voidrender in the Barrens.","Ah, Kaal sent you. Good. Then word does reach far enough to find future students. This pleases me.$B$BIt is typical of our kind, $N, to band together, regardless of race. It is especially important since those we deal with most do not discriminate in their malice if we fail to appease them or control them properly.$B$BI feel you've learned a great many things, and if you are willing, I would help you create tools to compliment your skills.","","","","",""
4740,"WANTED: Murkdeep!","Attention!$B$BA reward is being offered for the death of the murloc \"Murkdeep\".  This foul beast is known to be responsible for the death of at least one Sentinel, and is suspected of causing the sinking of at least two cargo vessels in the waters off Darkshore!$B$BMurkdeep was last spotted at a hutted murloc camp south of Auberdine, and is thought to be protecting the huts there.  Reward claims for this bounty should be claimed with Sentinel Glynda Nal'Shea in Auberdine.$B$BThe Auberdine Village Council","Find and slay the murloc known as Murkdeep.  The creature is thought to be defending the murloc huts south of Auberdine along the water.$B$BReport the death of Murkdeep to Sentinel Glynda Nal'Shea in Auberdine.","Well, looks like you're here to more than just inquire! The citizens will be delighted to know that tonight they will sleep a little bit more soundly and safer.$b$bYou've acted as the executioner of justice for the people of Auberdine today, $N. For that, I would like to offer you this as a suitable reward... for a true hero of the Auberdine people.","","","","",""
4741,"Wild Guardians","In the northern areas of Winterspring, the Wildkin grow even more ferocious. We must continue our measures there.$B$BHunt the moontouched owlbeasts in Winterspring, and explore the area they inhabit.$B$BThis is dangerous ground, but I know that you will be able to handle the challenge. Return to me after you have slain 13 of the wildkin.","Trull Failbane in Felwood wants you to hunt 13 Moontouched Owlbeasts.","I sense that you are enjoying your work. And I believe that we are onto something here.","","","","",""
4742,"Seal of Ascension","As you can see, the unadorned seal has three empty sockets. Each of those sockets must be filled with a gemstone representing the leadership's command. Finally, Overlord Wyrmthalak, master of the lower citadel, must forge the seal in the flames of the Black Dragonflight.$B$BUnderstand this, mortal: the chance that one of the three generals of the lower citadel would carry a gemstone at any given time is rare. You must be vigilant in your quest. Remain determined!","Find the three gemstones of command: The Gemstone of Smolderthorn, Gemstone of Spirestone, and Gemstone of Bloodaxe. Return them, along with the Unadorned Seal of Ascension, to Vaelan.$B$BThe Generals, as told to you by Vaelan, are: War Master Voone of the Smolderthorn; Highlord Omokk of the Spirestone; and Overlord Wyrmthalak  of the Bloodaxe.","<Vaelan's image blurs for a moment.>$B$B<The pieces that you had collected have disappeared.>$B$BThe Unforged Seal of Ascension is now ready. It is time for the final step.","","","","",""
4743,"Seal of Ascension","Few of the black dragonkin, outside of those in the upper citadel, have the ability to forge the seal with their own flaming breath. Wyrmthalak is one such dragonkin, but his will is unbreakable.$B$BYou must travel to the Wyrmbog in Dustwallow Marsh. It is there that you will find an ancient drake known as Emberstrife. You must break his will, $N. Break it and use this orb on his weakened form. You will have scant seconds to control his mind and fan the flames that will forge the seal.","Travel to the Wyrmbog in Dustwallow Marsh. Find the ancient drake, Emberstrife and beat him without mercy until his will is broken.$B$BIt is at that moment which you must place the Unforged Seal of Ascension before the great beast. You must then be quick to use the Orb of Draconic Energy on his weakened form and claim dominion over his mental faculties. Control the beast and force the Flames of the Black Dragonflight upon the Unforged Seal of Ascension!","Stand steady while I cast the final invocation of protection.$B$B<Vaelan's eyes turn to twin orbs of flame.>$B$BThe Seal of Ascension is complete...$B$BKnow this, I have imbued the artifact with some powerful protective wards. In your darkest hour, when all appears to be lost, the might of the red flight will be at your disposal.","","","","",""
4761,"Thundris Windweaver","Your scouting of the furbolg camp is information that Thundris Windweaver should be made aware of.  He graciously serves as the elder of Auberdine, offering sage and just stewardship of the day to day affairs of the village.  Please - share with him your findings to date on the furbolg situation.$B$BI believe he has some ideas of his own on the reasons behind their corruption.  Perhaps you can work with him to enact a plan to restore the balance of nature here!","Speak with Thundris Windweaver in Auberdine.","Well met, $c.  Your scouting of the furbolg situation comes at a fortuitous time for us in Auberdine.  For some time we have dealt with not only forest dwellers who are now openly hostile to our presence, but also the outright corruption of the forest itself.  Hopefully you might be able to lend Auberdine aid during these troubling times.","","","","",""
4762,"The Cliffspring River","The Cliffspring River has begun turning foul and corrupted.  It empties into the Mist's Edge, and I fear the wash will affect Auberdine soon.  I suspect the Blackwood furbolgs up-river are the cause of the taint, but I also suspect that they aren't the true root of it.$B$BTake this sampling tube and go to the mouth of the river to our north.  Proceed inland to the first waterfall and draw a sample from the pool there.  You'll see a bridge overhead.  Once you have a sample, return to me in Auberdine.","Travel north of Auberdine to the first waterfall along the Cliffspring River and draw a sample from the pool there.$B$BReturn to Thundris Windweaver in Auberdine with the Cliffspring River Sample.","It's no surprise how tainted this water is, but just look at how putrid it is becoming! It would seem that action is needed sooner than later, eh $N?$b$bTo our east is Felwood; it is the real source of this corruption, one that I have seen in times past. I predict this sample will confirm this. We might be able to enact a cure for it here, but in order to even try we will need assistance. When that time comes $N, I hope you will be able to give the aid we need.","","","","",""
4763,"The Blackwood Corrupted","We've learned that a source of furbolg corruption is from the satyr.  They hold sway via talismans that they channel magic through.  If the furbolg have a chance at salvation, we must lure out the satyr corruptor and take that talisman!$B$BFill this bowl at our moonwell and take samples of the furbolgs' food from their northern camp.  Mix them and place it near the bonfire by the river; any furbolgs who eat will be cleansed just long enough to lure out the satyr corruptor... who then you must slay!","Fill the Empty Cleansing Bowl at the Auberdine Moonwell.$B$BGather a sample of fruit, nut, and grain from the northern Blackwood furbolg camps.$B$BMix the bowl and place it near the bonfire closest to the Cliffspring River at the northern camp, thus summoning the satyr corruptor.$B$BTake the Talisman of Corruption and bring it to Thundris Windweaver in Auberdine.","We have just begun this war to reclaim our forest from the forces of corruption, but a battle this day has been won! $N, the people of Auberdine owe you a debt of gratitude that will never be easily repaid. Please accept this along with our thanks. What we have learned here today may one day free our furbolg friends from the shackles of torment permanently.","","","","",""
4764,"Doomrigger's Clasp","There is a chamber, high in Blackrock Spire, that was once called the Hall of Fortune.  It was where the Dark Iron dwarves kept their relics, trophies and objects of art.$B$BThat was long ago.  It is said the hall has collapsed and is now used for... less savory tasks.  But I believe some old dwarven relics may still be found there.$B$BOne such relic is Doomrigger's clasp, with a surface so encrusted with rare gems that it was said to make weep any dwarf who gazes upon it.$B$BThat clasp, $N, is your goal.","Bring Doomrigger's Clasp to Mayara Brightwing in the Burning Steppes.","You found it!  So the rumors were true!$B$BThank you, $N.  My patron, Count Remington Ridgewell, will be quite pleased to see this addition to this collection.","","","","",""
4765,"Delivery to Ridgewell","I have packaged Doomriggers Clasp into a crate, suitable for shipment to Stormwind.  $N, you have been extremely helpful -- can I ask you for one last favor?$B$BDeliver the crate to Count Remington Ridgewell.  You will find him in the Keep of Stormwind.  I am sure he'll be very pleased to see what you have for him.","Bring Ridgewell's Crate to Remington Ridgewell in Stormwind.","Ah, so you are $ghe:she;!  You have my thanks, $N.  And... if you didn't already know... the gratitude of a noble in the house of Ridgewell is nigh worth a king's ransom.","","","","",""
4766,"Mayara Brightwing","An agent of mine, Mayara Brightwing, was sent to the Burning Steppes to scout the ruined city of Thaurissan.  That destroyed city of the Dark Iron dwarves may hide objects of great value... objects that would fit nicely into our family museum.$B$BMayara says she found something and will need aid in retrieving it, but it is not in Thaurissan.  Instead, a foray into Blackrock Spire will be required.$B$BI do not know the details, but if interested then speak with Mayara in the Burning Steppes.","Speak with Mayara Brightwing in the Burning Steppes.","You came from Stormwind? Wonderful -- I know of an object of art that Remington would kill to have in his museum, but extracting it won't be easy.$B$BThat's where you come in.","","","","",""
4767,"Wind Rider","I've been tasked to recruit more wyverns for the master wind riders. Their numbers are growing and I myself hope to become a wind rider one day. However, we cannot train enough wyverns to keep up with the demand. Perhaps you can help me, $N.$B$BI need you to travel to Highperch to gather some wyvern eggs. From here, head northwest along the canyon walls to a ramp that will lead you into Highperch. Be careful, wyverns are very protective over their eggs and they will not be kind to intruders.","Bring 10 Highperch Wyvern Eggs to Elu in Freewind Post.","Perfect! With these eggs I hope to take the next step to become a wind rider. Here is a token of my appreciation; may good hunting always shine upon you, $C.","","","","",""
4768,"The Darkstone Tablet","The Darkstone Tablet holds the writings of the long-dead dwarf Urheld Darkstone.  An alchemist of great skill, he was thought insane by his contemporaries and, hence, did not share his research.$B$BBut he did etch it onto tablets, and I believe one such tablet lies in Blackrock Spire, in a chamber once named the Hall of Fortune.  I know not what it is now called, for few enter Blackrock and return.$B$BBut if you are willing to brave its dangers and return to me with the tablet, your reward will be great.","Bring the Darkstone Tablet to Shadow Mage Vivian Lagrave in Kargath.","Excellent. The formulae etched into this tablet will consume days of research, but I am confident such research will bear sweet fruit.$b$bThank you, $N. You have been invaluable to us.","","","","",""
4769,"Vivian Lagrave and the Darkstone Tablet","Vivian Lagrave sent me word from Kargath, in the Badlands.  Through her studies, she believes there is an ancient text within Blackrock Spire that would benefit our research.  To confirm this, she will need someone to extract the text from the spire.  No easy task.$B$BIf interested, then speak with Vivian in Kargath.","Speak with Shadowmage Vivian Lagrave.","It is true. I believe there is a tablet held within Blackrock Spire, a tablet that contains old alchemical recipes. I am glad you are here, for I need help in retrieving the tablet.$B$BMake yourself comfortable, and I will explain further.","","","","",""
4770,"Homeward Bound","Please help me, $c! I've been hiding here in Highperch for some time now and it's been days since I've seen a friendly face. I came here to study the wyvern and I think I got a little too close. After being chased away from one of the nests I got lost.$B$BI need to get back to Whitereach Post! Motega does not know that I am missing and will be furious to know that I ventured into Highperch by myself.$B$BWhitereach Post is just east of here... please take me there!","Escort Pao'ka Swiftmountain from Highperch, and then talk to Motega Firemane in Whitereach Post.","What!? If I knew that Pao'ka Swiftmountain was going to snoop around Highperch, I would have chained him to a totem! His father was reluctant allowing him to come with me to Thousand Needles. We came here to study the different creatures that inhabit these beautiful lands.$B$BI appreciate the help you have shown Pao'ka. I hope this covers any misfortunes this deed has cost you.","Escort Pao'ka from Highperch","","","",""
4771,"Dawn's Gambit","I've placed Dawn's Gambit in the container you brought to us, the one that held the dragon eggs.  Your job is to bring it deep within the Scholomance.$B$BThe undead mage Vectus leads a team of scourge scholars... place Dawn's Gambit in their chamber, called the \"viewing room.\"  It will then react with the undead found there and, with a little luck, destroy them!$B$BAfter that, defeating Vectus shouldn't be a problem.  Right?","Place Dawn's Gambit in the Viewing Room of the Scholomance.  Defeat Vectus, then return to Betina Bigglezink.","Outstanding, $N! Years of intelligence, lost! The Scarlet Crusade will surely feel this blow in the coming weeks.","Place Dawn's Gambit","","","",""
4781,"Components for the Enchanted Gold Bloodrobe","Your next task is as simple as your first, but will require you to seek out aid.$B$BI require gold thread for the embroidery of the cloak, but gold thread is not easy to come by, and very few know how to make it. Fortunately, one who is loyal to our cause knows its secrets and is willing to help those rising in our ranks.$B$BBring a gold bar to Xizk Goodstitch in Booty Bay. He is a master tailor and will be happy to spin the thread for you. Gold bars are smelted by skilled miners. Ask a miner for help.","Bring a Gold Bar to Xizk Goodstitch in Stranglethorn Vale.","Perfect, $N. I'm glad you could find a miner to help you out so quickly. Or did you do this work yourself? Either way, you've done well. This will be perfect for the thread.$B$BIt will take some time to create the stuff, so you'll have to come back--I actually send it off to some princess who we have locked in a tower who's only job is to spin gold thread... no, seriously. I mean it... okay, not really.","","","","",""
4782,"Components for the Enchanted Gold Bloodrobe","Return to Menara, tell her it'll take some time, but I'll make sure to come through for her... and you. Tell her to have you finish gathering the rest of your components--I should have the thread done by then. You can return and pick it up then.$B$BGood luck, $N. Oh, and say hello to Strahad for me while you're there. That old coot... putting a tower right there next to Ratchet... crazy.","Return to Menara Voidrender in the Barrens.","Good, you've returned, $N. And where is the thread?$B$BAh, I understand. That is acceptable. The goblin and his brother have not failed us yet--I suppose it is understandable that he did not have it prepared right then. So be it... we have other things we can attend to in the meantime.$B$BAre you prepared for the next step?","","","","",""
4783,"Components for the Enchanted Gold Bloodrobe","The next components are found in Desolace, far to the west of the Barrens and even the Stonetalon Mountains.$B$BThere, chaos still reigns after the Sundering. Both your strength and cunning will be tested there--you will face creatures of hatred and also of the Burning Legion.$B$BFrom the Hatefury satyr in the northeast, bring me their blood. From the lesser infernals in Mannoroc Coven, bring me a lesser infernal stone.$B$BWe will use both in the construction of your robe.","Bring 10 Vials of Hatefury Blood and 1 Lesser Infernal Stone to Menara Voidrender in the Barrens.","Excellent, $N. These will do nicely. I will prepare them now while you move on to your last two components. Are you ready?","","","","",""
4784,"Components for the Enchanted Gold Bloodrobe","I need only three things now, $N, then we can finish your robe.$B$BFirst, the fine gold thread Xizk is making for you. Return to him in Booty Bay and get it.$B$BSecond, bring me two smoldering coals from the fire elementals in the Arathi Highlands. If I recall correctly, they are to the west, near Thoradin's Wall.$B$BFinally, a soul shard created by you.$B$BAfter you have all the components, return here to the tower and I will complete the robe for you.","Bring some Fine Gold Thread, 2 Smoldering Coals, and a Soul Shard to Menara Voidrender in the Barrens.","Excellent, $N! The components are gathered and we are ready.$B$BI trust you will be pleased.","","","","",""
4785,"Fine Gold Thread","","","Here you go, $N. And please tell Menara we say hello.$B$BWe expect great things of you. Perhaps when the Legion falls to its knees, your name will be spoken aloud and in praise of your power. I can't wait!","","","","",""
4786,"The Completed Robe","I will put the robe together for you now. It will take but a few moments. Do not go far.","Wait for Menara Voidrender to complete your robe and then speak to her again.","It is done, $N. Here you are. Wear it with pride.$B$BYou've worked hard and I see great things in your future. Remember, to defy the corruption that comes with our path takes great will and fortitude. As long as your will is your own, then you shall have great success.","Wait for Menara Voidrender to complete your item","","","",""
4787,"The Ancient Egg","The Prophecy of Mosh'aru speaks of an ancient egg.  It is a relic of a time when trolls ruled vast empires, and it has the power to hold the essence of Hakkar.  It may be the only way to keep our world safe from his evil.$B$BBring me the ancient egg, $N.  It is said to lay hidden deep within Jintha'Alor in the Hinterlands, in a cave behind the amphitheater at the top of the city.","Bring the Ancient Egg to Yeh'kinya in Tanaris.","Ah, you have the egg!  I bow to you, $N.  Your strength and bravery will be long remembered.","","","","",""
4788,"The Final Tablets","While I look over the third and fourth tablets of Mosh'aru, you must find the fifth and sixth!  It will not be easy, for they are held by the Smolderthorn trolls within Blackrock Spire.  The spire is a dark mountain of fire between the Burning Steppes and the Searing Gorge.$B$BGood luck, $N.  Blackrock Spire is no place for decent folk...","Bring the Fifth and Sixth Mosh'aru Tablets to Prospector Ironboot in Tanaris.","Unbelievable!  You found them!  You truly are a hero, $N!$B$BThat's a good thing, because I've been reading the tablets you brought me before, and from what I gathered... we're going to need a hero to stop what's coming...","","","","",""
4801,"Frostsaber E'ko","","","Mau'ari can derive da juju for $N... Use da Cache of Mau'ari to cast dis upon yourself or your allies.","","","","",""
4802,"Winterfall E'ko","","","Mau'ari can derive da juju for $N... Use da Cache of Mau'ari to cast dis upon yourself or your allies.","","","","",""
4803,"Shardtooth E'ko","","","Mau'ari can derive da juju for $N... Use da Cache of Mau'ari to cast dis upon yourself or your allies.","","","","",""
4804,"Chillwind E'ko","","","Mau'ari can derive da juju for $N... Use da Cache of Mau'ari to cast dis upon yourself or your allies.","","","","",""
4805,"Ice Thistle E'ko","","","Mau'ari can derive da juju for $N... Use da Cache of Mau'ari to cast dis upon yourself or your allies.","","","","",""
4806,"Frostmaul E'ko","","","Mau'ari can derive da juju for $N... Use da Cache of Mau'ari to cast dis upon yourself or your allies.","","","","",""
4807,"Wildkin E'ko","","","Mau'ari can derive da juju for $N... Use da Cache of Mau'ari to cast dis upon yourself or your allies.","","","","",""
4808,"Felnok Steelspring","I have another favor to ask of you.$B$BMy initial study of the essence you collected shows that it might be possible to freeze dragon whelp eggs and preserve them!  I want to test this theory, but first I need specially made engineering components.  My colleague, Felnok Steelspring, can make them.$B$BHere, take this letter to Felnok.  It tells him what I need.  You'll find Felnok in Winterspring, in the town of Everlook.","Give Tinkee's Letter to Felnok Steelspring.","That's no blanket!  But what have we here?  I letter from Tinkee?  I wonder what she has to say...$B$BAh, she's studying in the Burning Steppes.  That makes sense--that's a good source for dragonkin.  Oh, but look!  It says here that she needs some parts for a device she wants to build.  I guess that's where I come in, eh?","","","","",""
4809,"Chillwind Horns","I have most of what Tinkee needs, but I'm missing one important component, and that's chillwind horns.  The horns of the chillwind chimaera in Winterspring are a concentrated source of cold, but only pristine, uncracked horns will do!  I'll need a supply of those to complete Tinkee's order.$B$BBring me the uncracked chillwind horns, and I'll prepare a package for Tinkee.","Bring 8 Uncracked Chillwind Horns to Felnok Steelspring.","These are good specimens. They're packed with cold! Let me get some gloves on, then pack them along with the other things Tinkee needs...","","","","",""
4810,"Return to Tinkee","Ok, everything is prepared and packed and ready for transport!  Good luck in your journey, and make sure you tell Tinkee that she owes me!","Bring Felnok's Package to Tinkee Steamboil in the Burning Steppes.","You brought them! Great! I'll get to work right away! Thanks a ton, $N!$b$bYou've been so helpful to me, I might need you for even more important tasks later...","","","","",""
4811,"The Red Crystal","Hostile moonkin roam in ever increasing numbers to our east.  They once were thought to be gentle, almost mystical creatures.  While some continue to hold reverence for them, the safety of Auberdine forces me to keep a more realistic view.$B$BI've received reports that moonkin are being drawn to a large red crystal along Darkshore's eastern mountain range.  No one has any idea what that crystal is, or even if it really exists.  I want you to locate it over there and report back to me what you find.","Travel east of Auberdine and look for a large, red crystal along Darkshore's eastern mountain range.  Report back what you find to Sentinel Glynda Nal'Shea in Auberdine.","So the crystal exists, $N?  Fascinating... anyway, your task has been well executed; good work!$B$BWhat exactly is this crystal?  This is but a single question in a sea of questions.  Another question that comes to mind is why the moonkin would be drawn to this object?  Is the crystal benign in nature, or does it hold a more sinister purpose?$B$BI have many more questions, but we're going to need to examine that crystal closely to get some answers.","Locate the large, red crystal on Darkshore's eastern mountain range","","","",""
4812,"As Water Cascades","Use this empty vial and fill up on some moonwell water here in Auberdine.  Such potent magic should provide a clue as to the composition of the crystal.  To do that, you'll pour the liquid over the crystal; it should take care of the rest.$B$BWhile I don't anticipate anything bad happening to you, I still want you to be careful.  Above us to the east is Felwood; if that crystal is tied to that place as I suspect it is, then it could prove to be very dangerous.","Fill the Empty Water Tube at the Auberdine moonwell, and then investigate the red crystal along Darkshore's eastern mountain wall.","You have made it once more to the mysterious crystal. Removing the stopper on the tube of moonwell water, you gingerly pour the contents out over the top of the crystal. As the water cascades down its lattices, you see the opaque surface turn transparent...","","","","",""
4813,"The Fragments Within","The moonwell water has revealed that embedded inside the crystal are a few small fragments of bone, as well as half of a jawbone.  The jawbone appears to be from a humanoid, but it is unclear without breaking open the crystal - a feat that even the strongest of magic would find near impossible.$B$BWith the task at hand complete, all that remains is to report back to Sentinel Glynda Nal'Shea in Auberdine.","Report back what you have found to Sentinel Glynda Nal'Shea in Auberdine.","Well, it would seem that even though we know more about this crystal, more unanswered questions are the result!$B$BI'll take the information you've uncovered to the council here in Auberdine. Perhaps they'll know a course of action to follow on this crystal. Well, that is if there is one to be taken; for now, the threat remains far enough to our east to be out of harm's way.$B$BAs for you, please have this. Consider it a reward for a job well done, $N.","","","","",""
4821,"Alien Egg","A rumor has surfaced about an alien egg here in Thousand Needles. Those that report seeing this egg have failed to even get close enough to examine it in detail. Serpents guard the egg as if it's one of their own.$B$BI want you to seek out this alien egg and bring it to me so that I may examine it. Reports say the egg is located within a serpent den, but there are several serpent dens along the base of the cliff walls south and northeast of Freewind Post.","Return the Alien Egg to Hagar Lightninghoof in Freewind Post.","Yes, finally... the mysterious egg has finally been delivered to me. Now, let me take a closer look at this... What..! What is this..?\
","","","","",""
4841,"Pacify the Centaur","$N, I entreat you to hunt these centaur down. They shall feel the wrath of our revenge. Attack the centaur camp to the north of Freewind Post!  Let wrath guide your hand!\
","Kill 12 Galak Scouts, 10 Galak Wranglers, and 6 Galak Windchasers, and then return to Cliffwatcher Longhorn in Freewind Post.","For my gratitude, this is for you, $n.","","","","",""
4842,"Strange Sources","To tell you the truth, although there are no volcanoes here in Winterspring, I believe that there are far more threatening reasons for these hot springs...$B$BWell, I think you'll want to see it for yourself. You'll need to travel the length of Winterspring, and head to the very south. When the air becomes thick and muggy, and the sky turns dark, you'll have found what I believe to be the source of the hot springs.$B$BHave a look. I'm sure you'll have many questions when you return.","Follow Donova Snowden's instructions, then report back.","Yes, the demons there in Darkwhisper Gorge; I believe it is their presence that is affecting the land in this way. I am going to continue observing the hot springs here and see if I learn anything more.$B$BI'd wait until you are a bit stronger if you have plans of heading farther into Darkwhisper Gorge.","Discover Darkwhisper Gorge","","","",""
4861,"Enraged Wildkin","Hey there, $Glad:lass;! I was chased from my camp in southern Winterspring by some bloodthirsty wildkin! Well, I suppose I got too close to something the wildkin were guarding.$B$BI barely managed to get away safely; I fear a buddy of mine wasn't as lucky. Would you mind braving the wildkin and heading to the camp? I really need my supplies, and I'd also like to get back the amulet I unearthed yesterday at the dig site.","Locate Jaron Stoneshaper's wrecked camp and supplies in southern Winterspring.","A severely damaged crate stands out among the rest of the destroyed belongings at the camp...","","","","",""
4862,"En-Ay-Es-Tee-Why","Believe it or not, there are people out there willing to pay for the most vile of domesticated beast!$B$BI'd sent Bijou into the Spire to try and collect some of those spire spider eggs but I haven't heard from her in weeks. Maybe you can help me out?$B$BI'll tell you what, $N. Go to Blackrock Spire and collect some spire spider eggs for me. Bring them back here and not only will I give you a little cash, but I'll even domesticate one for you!","Travel to Blackrock Spire and collect 15 Spire Spider Eggs for Kibler.$B$BBy the sound of it, these eggs could be found near spiders.\
","What a load! I mean, look at all those eggs! These should bring in a right few gold.$B$BAs promised, here's your own little critter. Don't get bitten!","","","","",""
4863,"Enraged Wildkin","Looking around, you don't see much that Jaron could want here. However, you do notice that the crate you found has been smashed open, almost as if this was what the wildkin were after...$B$BLooking to the east, you can barely make out an abandoned wagon. Perhaps you might find Jaron's things there. It's worth a look.","Find Jaron Stoneshaper's wrecked wagon.","Approaching the wagon, it doesn't appear that there is much more here for Jaron. But, looking on the ground, you notice some crates that look undamaged, despite being half-buried in the snow.","","","","",""
4864,"Enraged Wildkin","After inspecting the contents of the box, you decide that Jaron could make use of the tools and other items inside. However, there is no sign of the amulet.$B$BIt appears that the wildkin inhabit the lands to the north and east of here, so you decide that the next step is to face the creatures and reclaim the amulet from them.","Pick up Jaron's Supplies from the snow, then find the wildkin that stole the amulet Jaron spoke of.$B$BBring Jaron's Supplies and the Blue-feathered Amulet to Jaron Stoneshaper at the lodge in Winterspring.","Well, I expected to hear as much, $Glad:lass;. I figured that the crazed beasts destroyed all of my belongings...$B$BBut you did find my tools, and most importantly, the amulet! I wonder why the wildkin so fiercely defended this item... In any case, I'll think twice before heading their way again!","","","","",""
4865,"Serpent Wild","If I did not see that with my own eyes I would never have believed it to be true. Vengeance has come to Thousand Needles!$B$B<Hagar wipes his brow.>$B$B$N, you must act quickly! Go now and seek out Motega Firemane; he is located at Whitereach Post just northwest of Freewind Post along the road. He will know what to do!","Report your findings to Motega Firemane.","Vengeance! So, the legend of Arikara is true. Indeed, this is a problem that must be resolved immediately.","","","","",""
4866,"Mother's Milk","It's probably one of the most potent poisons in the world, $r!$B$BI've overheard the Blackrock speaking about its lethality in my jaunts into the Spire. They call it 'Mother's Milk', named after Mother Smolderweb, the big nasty spider in the Skitterweb cave.$B$BNow here's what I need from you: A live sample of the Milk, flowing through YOUR veins. Just bringing me the gland won't be enough! Get her to poison you and come back to me!$B$BThen... I get to milk ya!$B$B<Rubs his hands together in anticipation.>","In the heart of Blackrock Spire you will find Mother Smolderweb. Engage her and get her to poison you. Chances are good that you will have to kill her as well. Return to Ragged John when you are poisoned so that he can 'milk' you.","This is gonna make the best ale yet!$B$BEh, what did you think I was gonna use this for? Poison or something??$B$BCrazy kids...","Milked","","","",""
4867,"Urok Doomhowl","Argh!  So hard to speak!$B$BTake this note!  Get me my mojo!","Read Warosh's Scroll.  Bring Warosh's Mojo to Warosh.","Aha!  I can already feel my powers returning to me.  And my mind is no longer wracked by Urok's curse.$B$BThank you, $N!  Humility is below me, but I must acknowledge your aid.$B$BAnd I bid you fortune in your journeys through Blackrock Spire.  You are a fool to think you could make your way to the top, but your bravery is without question.","","","","",""
4881,"Assassination Plot","The Tauren, Kanati Greycloud is bold to set up a hunting camp in Thousand Needles. We must kill him to rid this hunting camp and all who may follow him. We will converge at the small post Southwest of the Great Lift.\
","Warn Kanati Greycloud at Whitereach Post of the plot to kill him.","They come to kill me?  I will show them how a Tauren fights!","","","","",""
4882,"Guarding Secrets","You are unsure of the significance of the necklace that fell from the neck of the recently-slain wildkin. It glows brightly, slowly fading in and out.$B$BTrull Failbane might be able to tell you more, since his knowledge of the wildkin seems extensive. Perhaps you should ask him about it.","Take the Blue-feathered Necklace to Trull Failbane at Bloodvenom Post.","An important discovery?","","","","",""
4883,"Guarding Secrets","While I do possess much knowledge about the owlbeasts you defeated in Winterspring, I am not very learned on the subject of the magics they wield. But I do believe I know of one that would be able to examine the necklace and most likely tell you what it is.$B$BNara Wildmane in Thunder Bluff is an expert in this field; see her. Good luck, $N.","Take the Blue-feathered Necklace to Nara Wildmane.","The energy of this necklace, $N. I believe that it has only one source.$b$b<Nara closes her eyes and is quiet for a moment.>$b$bThe wildkin, now misguided and confused, were once not so. They once had a purpose, and were guided to serve. The night elf goddess Elune created these creatures to guard her most sacred areas.$b$bWhile this fact may seem like it holds little value; I urge you to look deeper.$b$bYou will learn, in time. Thank you for bringing this to me, $N.","","","","",""
4901,"Guardians of the Altar","At the very top of the ridge lies what I believe to be an altar of the goddess Elune. From what I can tell, we need to light the five torches in each cave, and then we will be able to access the altar directly.$B$BI transcribed some incantations carved into the stone in the ancient ruins of Kel'Theril, which I believe are the secret to unlocking the altar. I'll need your help to light each torch, while I recite the spell.$B$BIf we are successful, you'll be able to report our findings to Erelas!","Protect Ranshalla while she attempts to reactivate the Altar of Elune. Report your findings to Erelas Ambersky in Rut'theran Village.","Did you meet up with Ranshalla?","Discover the secret of the Altar of Elune","","","",""
4902,"Wildkin of Elune","That's fascinating!$B$BI have always wondered about the truth... Well, you must share this knowledge, definitely! Go to Arch Druid Fandral Staghelm right away -- you'll find him in Darnassus, in the Cenarion Circle. Explain to him what happened, just the same as you told me. I'm sure he will be just as interested!$B$BThis is important information, $N!","Speak with Arch Druid Fandral Staghelm in Darnassus.","Do not hesitate; tell me why you have come.$B$BOh, yes? Hmm. Well.$B$BThank you for bringing this straight to me; it is always best to go right to the top... But... Yes. The druids of the Cenarion Circle have known of the Wildkin for some time. That they are pets of Elune, and were chosen to guard the most sacred of places.$B$BSo while this isn't news, I definitely compliment you on your effort. Here, take this -- it is something that seems suitable for such a deed.","","","","",""
4903,"Warlord's Command","By order of Warlord Goretooth, the following inhabitants of Blackrock Spire must be destroyed:$B$BThe rotund menace, Highlord Omokk.$B$BThe cruel and ruthless troll, War Master Voone.$B$BOverlord Wyrmthalak, taskmaster of the lesser city.$B$BYou will also be required to return any important documents that you may find.$B$BSucceed and be honored.$B$BFail and be forgotten.","Slay Highlord Omokk, War Master Voone, and Overlord Wyrmthalak. Recover Important Blackrock Documents. Return to Warlord Goretooth in Kargath when the mission has been accomplished.","<Warlord Goretooth's dull green skin turns a pasty white for a brief moment.>","","","","",""
4904,"Free at Last","Arnak thinks we're going to be married... but after I declined his offer he came back that night and kidnapped me. My brother tried to stop him, but Arnak was too strong. He... he slew my brother and then brought me here.  My poor brother...$B$B$N, could you escort me out of the Darkcloud Pinnacle?  Please... I need to get back to Thalia! She must be worried sick about me.","Escort Lakota Windsong from the Darkcloud Pinnacle, and then talk to Thalia Amberhide at Freewind Post.","Thank you, $N. Deep in my bones I knew that she would find her way back to me. She told me of your bravery and how you helped her escape. These items belonged to her brother. I know she would want you to have them.","Escort Lakota Windsong from the Darkcloud Pinnacle.","","","",""
4906,"Further Corruption","A second encampment of satyrs threatens the land of Felwood towards the north, led by the cruel Xavaric. The vile betrayers and tricksters feed upon the corruption of the native creatures of Felwood.$B$BXavathras and his minions were only part of a larger plan -- to cultivate a corrupted moonwell, and then provide the spoils to Xavaric.$B$BNow that Xavathras is out of the way, finish this task, $N. Head to the north and defeat Xavaric.","Eridan Bluewind in Felwood wants you to kill 8 Jadefire Hellcallers, 8 Jadefire Betrayers, 8 Jadefire Tricksters, and Xavaric. Return to Eridan when the task is completed.","Thank you for all you have done, $N. May Elune protect you and guide you on the path ahead.","","","","",""
4907,"Tinkee Steamboil","Hi, $N.  Remember Tinkee Steamboil?  Well, she remembers you!  She sent me a message to keep an eye out for you, because... she needs your help again.  I think it has something to do with her studies on dragons.$B$BYou should speak to her in the Burning Steppes, at the Flame Crest.","Speak with Tinkee Steamboil.","Felnok was right! I do need your help again, and this time... it's going to be really dangerous.$b$bAre you ready??","","","","",""
4921,"Lost in Battle","We battled in a small tauren camp when we were separated--she held three of the Bristlebacks off by herself. But the odds began to overwhelm us. I led some away only to see her overwhelmed by newcomers. In my rage, I turned to face my enemies, but they brought me down easily with their vast numbers.$B$BI awoke to a tauren druid tending my wounds--he had come across me on the Gold Road as I fell.$B$BPlease, $c, find some sign of my wife.","Find Mankrik's wife and then return to him in the Crossroads.","I understand. Thank you, $c.","","Find Mankrik's Wife","","",""
4941,"Eitrigg's Wisdom","Rend lives?$B$BImpossible!$B$BIt had been thought that Rend  was slain decades ago.$B$BSeek out the wisdom of Eitrigg, $N. None know the workings of the Blackrock better than he and if what is written here bares truth, Eitrigg should be informed. No person should be denied the right of vengeance.$B$BYou will find him in Orgrimmar.$B$BOnce you have spoken with Eitrigg, confer with the Warchief to find out what he wishes to do about this problem.","Speak with Eitrigg in Orgrimmar. When you have discussed matters with Eitrigg, seek council from Thrall.$B$BYou recall having seen Eitrigg in Thrall's chamber.","<Thrall appears dismayed by the news you bring.>","Council with Eitrigg.","","","",""
4961,"Cleansing of the Orb of Orahil","Ah, a summoner's orb--this is where the taint must be coming from. We must exorcise the demon within it if you're to use it. That I can do easily.$B$BYou're the one who has the hard job.  You must kill the demon once I release it.$B$BAnd you'll have to be quick.  If you take too long then he'll return to the orb and we'll have to start over!$B$BSo get yourself ready, $N.  Prepare your strongest spells and keep your potions handy, and go get a friend if you have one.  Because this isn't going to be pretty.","Kill the Demon of the Orb, then speak with Tabetha.","Nicely done, $N!  You gave that demon a lesson he won't soon forget. You've shown great power and skill. Now I suppose it's time you return to Menara with your cleansed orb so you can put it to good use.$B$BGood luck, $C. Perhaps our paths will cross again.","","","","",""
4962,"Shard of a Felhound","So, you have chosen to capture the soul of a felhound, good.$B$BTake this ruby--with it, you will be able to capture the creature's soul. It works very similar to spells you already know: when the creature is close to dying, use the gem and it should do the rest of the work for you.$B$BI would suggest going to Desolace and trying your hand at any of the felhounds there. Those should do nicely.$B$BAfter you're successful, take both the captured spirit and your ruby to Menara.","Take the Felhas Ruby and use it on one of the Felhounds found in Desolace. After successful, bring the Felhas Ruby and the Imprisoned Felhound Spirit back to Menara Voidrender in the Barrens.","Ah, the spirit of a felhound. Well done, $N.$B$BWhen I have both the spirit and the cleansed orb, I will merge the two for you, but not until then.","","","","",""
4963,"Shard of an Infernal","So, you have chosen to capture the soul of an infernal, good.$B$BTake this emerald--with it, you will be able to capture the creature's soul. It works very similar to spells you already know: when the creature is close to dying, use the gem and it should do the rest of the work for you.$B$BI would suggest going to Desolace and trying your hand at any of the infernals there. Those should do nicely.$B$BAfter you're successful, take both the captured spirit and your emerald to Menara.","Take the Infus Emerald and use it on one of the Infernals found in Desolace. After successful, bring the Infus Emerald and the Imprisoned Infernal Spirit back to Menara Voidrender in the Barrens.","Ah, the spirit of an infernal. Well done, $N.$B$BWhen I have both the spirit and the cleansed orb, I will merge the two for you, but not until then.","","","","",""
4964,"The Completed Orb of Dar'Orahil","I will get started immediately on crafting your orb and infusing your new demon into it. When done, you will have the choice of having it in the form of a staff or orb. I always felt it was important to cater to a warlock's chosen weapon... I see no reason not to continue that practice.","Wait for Menara Voidrender to complete the Orb of Dar'Orahil and then speak to her again.","It is done, $N. Simply tell me which you'd prefer: a staff that would require you to use both hands, or an orb so you may use a dagger or sword as your weapon.$B$BTackling a felhound was a great feat on your part. I am sure your item will serve you well in the future. Continue to work hard in the arts, $N. I will be awaiting details of your exploits.","Wait for Menara Voidrender to complete your item","","","",""
4965,"Knowledge of the Orb of Orahil","Well, well, well... a pleasure to see you're growing in power, $N. I'd wager you'd be about ready to speak to Menara Voidrender in the Barrens. If you haven't spoken to her before, then let me tell you, I don't think I've ever met another expert in the creation of items--orbs specifically--that can inprison even a demon to serve our will so easily.$B$BIf you're interested, she's in Strahad's tower above Ratchet in the Barrens.","Speak to Menara Voidrender in the Barrens.","Ah, you do seek something more... substantial. That I can help you if you truly are prepared.$B$BIt's a welcome change to see one of our kind seeking more power in forms other than just knowledge.$B$BSo, do you feel you're ready, $N?","","","","",""
4966,"Protect Kanati Greycloud","But, there may be more centaur than I thought, I ask you, $n, to fight with me against these vile assassins.","Protect Kanati Greycloud from the centaur attack.","Thank you for your help, $n. I couldn't have held them off without you.","Protect Kanati Greycloud","","","",""
4967,"Knowledge of the Orb of Orahil","Still a fool, and still seeking the trappings of mortals. Yes, I speak to you with arrogance. I see you before me and I laugh. You're pathetic!$B$BBut it matters not what I think. It only matters what those willing to deal with you thinks!  And in this case, against my better judgment, those with some portion of power feel you deserve more.$B$BIf this is something you strive for then you should speak with Menara Voidrender in the tower above Ratchet. I believe you have met her before some time ago.","Speak to Menara Voidrender in the Barrens.","Ah, you do seek something more... substantial. That I can help you if you truly are prepared.$B$BIt's a welcome change to see one of our kind seeking more power in forms other than just knowledge.$B$BSo, do you feel you're ready, $N?","","","","",""
4968,"Knowledge of the Orb of Orahil","Hmm, you've made it this far... truly astonishing. I would have thought the corruption of channeling the arcane would have seeped into your very soul and driven you mad by now. How about we try and push you further then?$B$BIf you want to test your skill, seek out Menara Voidrender above Ratchet in Strahad's tower. She will guide you.","Speak to Menara Voidrender in the Barrens.","Ah, you do seek something more... substantial. That I can help you if you truly are prepared.$B$BIt's a welcome change to see one of our kind seeking more power in forms other than just knowledge.$B$BSo, do you feel you're ready, $N?","","","","",""
4969,"Knowledge of the Orb of Orahil","Haha! You're doing very well for yourself, young $c.$B$BGiven time, infernals and dreadlords will bow before you!$B$BBut until that time comes, you must still rely on weapons forged by the hands of the mortal races.$B$BYou seem prepared for another such creation, and if you are willing, Menara Voidrender would speak with you! She is near Strahad's tower overlooking the port town of Ratchet. Go there when you are ready.","Speak to Menara Voidrender in the Barrens.","Ah, you do seek something more... substantial. I can help you if you truly are prepared.$B$BIt's a welcome change to see one of our kind seeking more power in forms other than just knowledge.$B$BSo, do you feel you're ready, $N?","","","","",""
4970,"Frostsaber Provisions","If you wish to prove yourself, you may begin by doing a very simple, but very important task.$B$BGather meat from the chimaera and from the shardtooth bears in the area. Bring it to me so that I may use it to feed the frostsabers that are being trained.","Collect 5 Shardtooth Meats and 5 Chillwind Meats for Rivern Frostwind in Winterspring.","Thank you for assisting me, $N. My opinion of you grows as time passes.","","","","",""
4971,"A Matter of Time","Tampering of the timeline by a sinister force - most likely the Scourge - has occurred in Andorhal!  I can try to keep the passage of time here intact and mend what has been damaged, but I'll need your help to do so uninterrupted.$B$BTemporal parasites - carrion that feed on the strands of time's altered flow - now infest the silos of Andorhal.  A blue pulse of distortion is their only visual marker.  They slow my auguries; please $N, help me by using this temporal displacer to root out these parasites.","Use the Temporal Displacer near one of Andorhal's silos and uncover Temporal Parasites.$B$BSlay 15 Temporal Parasites, and then return the Temporal Displacer to Chromie in the Andorhal Inn, Western Plaguelands.","Time feels easier to mend now, thank you $N.  While you might not understand fully the consequences of a fractured timeline, I appreciate that you understand the urgency of countering what I suspect more and more to be a Scourge-driven malfeasance.$B$BI see no harm in rewarding you for your assistance, mortal.  Your greatest feats are to come, and the awarding of a bauble will certainly not alter your future destiny.  Your continued aid, however, is something that I and the dragonflight could use...","","","","",""
4972,"Counting Out Time","I need you to reach into the world beyond this room, $N.  Allow me to explain.$B$BYou see the difference in this room compared to the rest of Andorhal.  My dragonflight works in many different ways and in many different timelines.  To mend Andorhal's damage, I now act from a different timeline as not to overly contaminate it.  To continue this though I need time trinkets, ones trapped from when the plague hit.  Find them in lockboxes found in the ruined buildings that make up this once proud city.","Locate 5 Andorhal Watches, found in lockboxes amongst the rubble of the city.  Return with them to Chromie in the Andorhal Inn, Western Plaguelands.","These are exactly what I need, $N.  Thank you.$B$BAllow me to suitably reward you with this.  You may not understand what you would need with such a device.  You might not even know quite what it really is.  Alas, I cannot tell you when you will find it most useful; just know that at some point in the future, you may find this item to have extreme utility and function when consumed.  Whether or not you choose to hold on to it until then... this, my friend, is up to you.","","","","",""
4973,"Counting Out Time","If you are willing to help once more, I can certainly use your assistance.  I'll gladly take more watches you might uncover from the ruins of Andorhal.  They certainly help me in maintaining a balance against whatever malign force is meddling with the timeline here.$B$BIn exchange for those watches, I'll give you another item that, in the future, I suspect you'll find quite the use for.","Locate 5 Andorhal Watches amongst the rubble of the city, and return with them to Chromie in the Andorhal Inn, Western Plaguelands.","Again, I thank you for your assistance.  Please accept this gift.  While you still may not know when to use such an item, perhaps in the future the path of time will reveal its true intentions to you.  You could say that I've seen as such happening to you, $N.","","","","",""
4974,"For The Horde!","Rend dares make such grand claims because of the protection he is afforded by the black flight.$B$BYou, $N, will find a way to pass through the Halls of Ascension. You will then find 'Warchief' Rend Blackhand and you will destroy him - FOR THE HORDE!$B$B<Thrall slams a fist down upon his throne.>$B$BThe next time you return to my chambers, you will hold his head high in triumph and then you shall present it to your Warchief. Do this and be honored as a hero of the Horde.","Travel to Blackrock Spire and slay Warchief Rend Blackhand. Take his head and return to Orgrimmar.","You have dealt a crippling blow to the forces of Blackrock, $N. With their Warchief slain, the Blackrock legion is once again thrown into the maw of chaos.$B$BIn honor of your heroics, the people of Kalimdor shall be rewarded!","","","","",""
4975,"The Completed Orb of Noh'Orahil","I will get started immediately on crafting your orb and infusing your new demon into it. When done, you will have the choice of having it in the form of a staff or orb. I always felt it was important to cater to a warlock's chosen weapon... I see no reason not to continue that practice.","Wait for Menara Voidrender to complete the Orb of Noh'Orahil and then speak to her again.","It is done, $N. Simply tell me which you'd prefer: a staff that would require you to use both hands, or an orb so you may use a dagger or sword as your weapon.$B$BTackling the infernal was a great feat on your part and this reward will fit you nicely. I wish you further success in the arts, $N.","Wait for Menara Voidrender to complete your item","","","",""
4976,"Returning the Cleansed Orb","Take the cleansed orb back to Menara in Ratchet, $N. Give her my regards and be safe. I truly hope you are able to withstand the temptation and corruption that is sure to come as you follow your path.$B$BGood luck.","Return the Cleansed Infernal Orb to Menara Voidrender in the Barrens.","Well done, $N. This will do nicely.$B$BThe only thing left for you to do is to decide on which demon you want me to imprison within the cleansed orb. Do that, and you will have a magnificent new item to wield.","","","","",""
4981,"Operative Bijou","Never trust a goblin. That's what it comes down to, $N.$B$BBijou is her name - one of our slipperiest operatives. I found out she was working for some shady exotic pet dealer out of the Burning Steppes named Kibler, in essence, two timing us. Worse yet, she was using Horde funds to finance her operations.$B$BI want her brought back here alive.$B$BShe was last seen entering Blackrock Spire. Find her and bring her back.$B$BAnd $N, do not let her sweet talk you.","Travel to Blackrock Spire and find out what happened to Bijou.","I won't lie to you, $r. I needed the money! Kibler pays very, very well - much better than the K.E.F. ever could.$B$BBut don't doubt my loyalties! Why do you think I'm down here? To get that crazy goblin some exotic animal eggs or something equally inane? No, only someone truly daft would come to Blackrock Spire to collect pets. Yep, I don't reckon too many people like that exist in this world.$B$B<Bijou laughs.>$B$BThe last thing we need are those kinds of people breeding.","","","","",""
4982,"Bijou's Belongings","At night when this place is lightly guarded, I sneak around the city, taking notes and writing down anything I see that could be of some strategic value to the K.E.F.$B$BLast night, however, things went dreadfully wrong. I stumbled across a tripwire and set off an alarm. I stashed my recon gear and ran for cover! Unfortunately, I can't get back to that gear. They've doubled and tripled up the patrols! All that information is lost.$B$BGet my belongings back and I'll return to the K.E.F. peacefully.","Find Bijou's Belongings and return them to her. You recall her mentioning that she stashed them on the bottom floor of the city.\
","You've done it! Once Lexlort has these plans, he'll forget all about the nasty things he wanted to do to me.$B$B$N, you're my hero!\
","","","","",""
4983,"Bijou's Reconnaissance Report","Take this report back to Lexlort. It will redeem my good name and will surely give the K.E.F. a strategic advantage in dealing with these orcs.$B$BCome with you? I've got way too much work to do. Get going, they need these reports as soon as possible!\
","Take Bijou's Reconnaissance Report back to Grandmaster Lexlort in Kargath.\
","I've got to hand it to her; she's managed to weasel her way out of another sticky situation! These reports will prove to be invaluable in our dealings with the Blackrock orcs.$B$BOf course, you will be rewarded for your hard work.","","","","",""
4984,"The Wildlife Suffers Too","While there was little I could do alone to thwart the Scourge, I nevertheless came to these lands to try and heal the damage done to nature.  Animals suffer from the plague that continues to choke these lands, unable to find mercy and peace.  I ask for you to continue what I could not finish here.$B$BThere is no salvation for the suffering animals but a sweet and merciful release.  Seek out diseased wolves nearby and put them down.  Please $N, end their misery - doing so will surely soothe mine.","Destroy 8 Diseased Wolves, and then return to Mulgris Deepriver at the Writhing Haunt, Western Plaguelands.\
\
","I... I sense that the souls of those wolves you have put down now have rest.  They - and I - thank you for a merciful release.$B$BThe wolves are not alone in their suffering within this damnable place, $N.  Please, I have need of you once more.","","","","",""
4985,"The Wildlife Suffers Too","To the east of where we are, near where the Eastern Plaguelands begin, once proud and majestic grizzlies roamed the countryside.  The plague released by the Scourge has sundered these beasts too.  They wander the countryside, agonized by the stiffening of their muscles and the rotting of their fur and flesh.$B$BI ask of you to end their misery as well.  The only cure for their suffering is a swift death, one that must be ministered by your hand.  ","Destroy 8 Diseased Grizzlies, and then return to Mulgris Deepriver at the Writhing Haunt, Western Plaguelands.","\"I know that the grizzles have been put down, their torment at an end.  I... I have one more thing for you.  I wrote it down on... on this branch, sensing that my time in this realm had come to an end.$B$BIndeed... I am at that end.  Thank you again friend... the creatures of this accursed land may rest... and now shall I.\"$B$BWith that, a heavy sigh is uttered by the druid, followed by what sounds like a death rattle.  His body lies motionless on the cottage floor.","","","","",""
4986,"Glyphed Oaken Branch","The lifeless hand of the tauren druid clutches a surprisingly healthy looking oaken branch.  Examining the branch reveals glyphs of a druidic nature carved into the bark.$B$BAs you grasp the branch, you notice it is warm to the touch, more than it should be.  The image of the Teldrassil tree enters your mind - Darnassus specifically - and the words \"Cenarion Circle\" are on the tip of your tongue.  It would appear that the suggestion of where to take the branch has been placed within it.","Based on the magic enchanted within the Glyphed Oaken Branch, its delivery to the Cenarion Circle in Darnassus is the next step the tauren druid sought.  Seek one of the druids there for assistance.","This... this is quite strange.  This druid - this tauren druid no less - entrusted you with a great deal of valuable information on the extent of the Scourge's plague.  I am surprised a tauren would give a $r such information, and freely at that if what you say is true.  We will make good use of this, I promise you.  Perhaps the tauren have not fallen as far from Cenarius as Fandral would believe...$B$BErm, anyway, please - accept this as a token of thanks from the Cenarion Circle.","","","","",""
4987,"Glyphed Oaken Branch","The lifeless hand of the tauren druid clutches a surprisingly healthy looking oaken branch.  Examining the branch reveals glyphs of a druidic nature carved into the bark.$B$BAs you grasp the branch, you notice it is warm to the touch, more than it should be.  The image of Thunder Bluff in Mulgore enters your mind - Elder Rise specifically - and the words \"Cenarion Circle\" are on the tip of your tongue.  It would appear that the suggestion of where to take the branch has been placed within it.","Based on the magic enchanted within the Glyphed Oaken Branch, its delivery to the Cenarion Circle in Thunder Bluff is the next step the tauren druid sought.  Seek one of the druids there for assistance.","This is from Mulgris, you say? We had heard he sought to minister to the creatures suffering in the Plaguelands, but this is most unexpected... and most saddening. Mulgris is... was a good friend. I will mourn his passing deeply.$B$BHis efforts have not gone in vain, thanks to your diligence. In this branch, much lore is stored about the plague the Scourge propagates upon the land. We will study it diligently. As for you, please accept this. It is the least we can do for your noble efforts.","","","","",""
5001,"Bijou's Belongings","Ordinarily I don't deal with $rs but it seems that I'm stuck between a troll and a hard place. You see, my mission here is one of utmost importance to the Horde. The information I've discovered, however, applies to the well being of the Alliance as well. Now believe me, I'm no Alliance sympathizer, but the Blackrock threat is bigger than just a bunch of orcs.$B$BYou help me out by finding my belongings and I'll help you out with some information that could prove useful to your kind.$B$BDeal?","Find Bijou's Belongings and return them to her. Good luck!\
","Well I'll be! Where were they??","","","","",""
5002,"Message to Maxwell","I'm a goblin of my word, $r. Now listen closely:$B$BThese orcs are used primarily as beasts of burden and cannon fodder for the black dragonflight!$B$BTheir true leader is none other than Nefarian, brood of Deathwing. I've also discovered the location of Nefarian's subordinates in this part of the citadel.$B$BTake this map to Marshal Maxwell in the Burning Steppes. It has the location of these fiends marked for easy identification.","Travel to the Burning Steppes and give Bijou's Information to Marshal Maxwell.","This coincides with much of what we already knew. Regardless, it is interesting and rather unfortunate information.$B$BThe markings on this map will prove valuable in thinning the Blackrock menace.","","","","",""
5021,"Better Late Than Never","\"The package must be delivered... delivered before I'm trapped here!\"$B$BThe cries of a panicked woman feel almost like a whisper floating through the house.  Cowered in the upstairs corner is the apparition of a woman.  She does not seem to be fully cognizant of her surroundings, and she is only vaguely aware of you.$B$B\"Are you here to deliver my package?  Please, before it gets much worse!  I was going to ride out of here.  It should still be by my horse... or am I too late?\"","The ramblings of the ghostly woman indicated that she needed a package delivered.  She claimed that it was where her horse was.  As to where the horse is or where the package was to be delivered - the ghost remains incomprehensible.","A package in the barn that you might have otherwise overlooked now stands out amongst the decay and ruin.  Perhaps this is the one that the ghost of Janice Felstone was clamoring about...","","","","",""
5022,"Better Late Than Never","You pick up the package, wiping off a small layer of dust and grime that had settled on it.  It is addressed in a hurried hand to an Emma Felstone of Stormwind; the delivery of the package is dated for well over four years ago.$B$BThough it is unclear if Emma Felstone is even alive, it is widely known that the Stormwind City Hall keep records on the populace of the city.  This is handled through the Royal Factors of the Stormwind Census.","Check with the Royal Factors of Stormwind to learn the whereabouts of an Emma Felstone.  There is usually a census officer located in City Hall.","A package for an Emma Felstone, you say?  Last known address was Stormwind, four years ago?  Well let me see here...$B$BAccording to what we know, there was an Emma Felstone in the city about four years ago.  Well, I should say possibly - this census I refer to is from five years ago, and I don't have a report of her vacating the city.  This doesn't mean that she is still here though.$B$BWait a second... this package couldn't be for Ol' Emma, could it?","","","","",""
5023,"Better Late Than Never","You pick up the package, wiping off a small layer of dust and grime that had settled on it.  It is addressed in a hurried hand to a Jeremiah Felstone of Lordaeron; the delivery of the package is dated for well over four years ago.$B$BThough it is unclear if Jeremiah Felstone is even alive, it is widely known that the Undercity, formerly known as Lordaeron, keeps records on the populace of the city.  This is handled through the Royal Overseers of the Undercity Census.","Check with the Royal Overseers of the Undercity to learn the whereabouts of a Jeremiah Felstone.  There is usually a census officer located near guild and tabard registration.","A package for a Jeremiah Felstone, with his last known address as Lordaeron... I should be able to assist you.$b$bJeremiah Felstone was in the city before the plague. Well, I should say the former Jeremiah Felstone - some of the Forsaken have changed their last names to rid themselves of their former countenance. This case is no exception; the former Jeremiah Felstone is now known as Jeremiah Payson.$b$bWait a minute... isn't he the cockroach vendor?","","","","",""
5041,"Supplies for the Crossroads","That attack on the caravan contained supplies we desperately needed.$B$BYou've been brave enough to take on the Razormane tribe so far, and I will ask you to do so again, but this time, I wonder if I could ask you to keep your eyes open for some of our lost supplies. You can probably find them throughout their camps, the quilboar getting fat off their dishonorable acts.$B$BThe people of the Crossroads would be in your debt.","Find and return Crossroads' Supply Crates to Thork in the Barrens.","Haha! Thank you, $N! This will help us greatly. You're a boon to the Crossroads and to the Horde. If there is anything I can do for you, please, let me know.","","","","",""
5042,"Agamaggan's Strength","","","If only Mangletooth were free to see you decimate those who betrayed him! <snort>$B$BI thank you for destroying more of the Bristleback by gathering these shards. Please, continue to do so, and I will continue to aid you. <snort>","","","","",""
5043,"Agamaggan's Agility","","","May your aim be unerring, and the mark of your weapon be true, $r.$B$BAgamaggan's spirit is with you. Return <snort> to me if you wish. Mangletooth will bless you again if the great boar god deems me worthy. <snort>","","","","",""
5044,"Wisdom of Agamaggan","","","Your enemies should fear you even more, $r. <snort>$B$BTell Mangletooth tales of your cunning in battle when next we meet--be it in this life, or the next. <snort>","","","","",""
5045,"Rising Spirit","","","Our greatest warriors, and our greatest <snort> shamans would envy your will, $r.$B$BDefeat more of the Bristlebacks knowing that they cannot stop you! <snort>","","","","",""
5046,"Razorhide","","","Go to war, $r.","","","","",""
5047,"Finkle Einhorn, At Your Service!","You'll find Malyfous Darkhammer in Everlook, $c. Tell him that 'Finkle is A-OK' and that the suit works perfectly.$B$BThen hand him this:$B$B<Finkle hands you a glowing piece of flesh.>$B$BI snatched it from the beast's innards during my 'vacation.'$B$BI bet Malyfous could give you a fairly accurate assessment of what he can do with parts from a monster like this!$B$BOh, I suppose you don't know where Everlook is, do you? To Winterspring, $g fella:lady;!","Talk to Malyfous Darkhammer in Everlook.","Alive? Suit worked? And what do we have here?","","","","",""
5048,"Good Natured Emma","She's a tad ornery, and quite possibly out of her gourd... but the records indicate that Ol' Emma does fit the framework of who Emma Felstone might be.$B$BPerhaps you've seen Ol' Emma wander the city - she talks to herself, most often in nonsensical jibber-jabber.  Still, she doesn't hurt anything or anyone, so folks pretty much leave her be.$B$BAll things considered, I would say that Ol' Emma is in fact Emma Felstone.  You might try asking if her last name is indeed Felstone.","Find Ol' Emma in Stormwind and see if she is in fact Emma Felstone.  If she is, then perhaps she'd like the package Janice Felstone made for her.","My name is indeed Emma Felstone - you're the first person in years to call me that.  Who... who are you?$B$BYou say you knew... my sister?!  Is she still alive?  Who am I kidding, of course she isn't.  When the plague broke out in Lordaeron, I had come to expect the worst.  So many of my family died... or worse.  Here I am now, crazy Ol' Emma, all alone.  What are you, a grave-robber or something?  Looking for your next target?$B$BWhat... you have a package for me from my sister?","","","","",""
5049,"The Jeremiah Blues","From the evidence I am able to muster, the person you seek - and the intended recipient of the parcel - is Jeremiah Payson, the Undercity cockroach vendor.$B$BI've always been of the opinion that it takes a special gift to sell... cockroaches.  No doubt you are on quite the epic sojourn now, mighty $c.  I will leave you to your world-shaping endeavors.  Allow me, however, to be a part of your magnum opus and reveal that he is located near the bank, suitably groveling under one of the walkways.","Find Jeremiah Payson in the Undercity and see if he is in fact Jeremiah Felstone.  If he is, then perhaps he'd like the package Janice Felstone made for him.","I haven't used that name in years... but yes, at one point in my life - before this glorious unlife - that was my last name.$b$bYou claim to have known my sister... or rather, have recently spoken to my sister.$b$bWho's been dead.$b$bFor four years.$b$bYou know, if my bones weren't already brittle enough, I'd be tempted to break my foot off on your posterior. You're quite the vulture, aren't you?$b$b What... you have a package for me from my sister?","","","","",""
5050,"Good Luck Charm","It would seem that I was wrong about you $N, and for that I owe you an apology.  My sister sent me a number of personal effects, including humorously enough the deed to the Felstone farm.  I think I'll pass on reclaiming it right now.$B$BIf my sister's spirit remains tethered to the farm and cannot rest, please... could you return this to her?  It is half of a good luck charm she had, with her husband having the other half.$B$BMaybe her knowing I have these things will now put her soul to rest.","Return to Janice Felstone in Western Plaguelands her Good Luck Half-Charm.","You give the half-charm back to the apparition.  She looks at it, then at you expectantly.$B$B\"Honey, where did you put your half of the charm?  We can't be together unless we have both halves.  Honey... can you see me?\"","","","","",""
5051,"Two Halves Become One","The ramblings of the poor ghost continue:$B$B\"I'm so cold, John.  Bring me your charm, and we'll be together!  Quickly John, before the plague comes to change us into hideous beasts!  I can't see you John... but I know you're near.  I feel you near me.\"$B$BPerhaps if the second half of the charm was found and reassembled, this would constitute what the spirit of Janice Felstone is seeking.","Locate the other half of the Good Luck Charm somewhere on the Felstone Farm in Western Plaguelands and reassemble it.$B$BGive the Good Luck Charm to Janice Felstone on the Felstone Farm, Western Plaguelands.","You hand the reassembled good luck charm to Janice Felstone's ghost.  As soon as she grasps it, you observe an almost immediate change in her.  Her ethereal form shimmers, and she looks upon you with clear yet sad eyes.$B$B\"You've freed me... I no longer will need this charm.  Please, take it and perhaps it will give you the solace it has given me.\"","","","","",""
5052,"Blood Shards of Agamaggan","Along with the thorns, the blood affected <snort> other aspects of the earth: blood red stones mixed in with other minerals. The Bristleback dig up these shards and carry them as totems <snort> for strength in battle and as totems for their magics. <snort>$B$BI know the secrets of that magic.$B$BBring Mangletooth one of these blood shards to show you understand. Bring Mangletooth many of the shards, and he will bless you with quilboar magic--the magic of Agamaggan! <snort>","Bring a Blood Shard to Mangletooth in Camp Taurajo in the Barrens.$B$BCollect more Blood Shards if you want him to bless you with Agamaggan's power.","Ah, you do understand. <snort> My words were not lost on your ears, $r. Mangletooth may be caged, but no cage can stop Agamaggan's power! <snort>$B$BThe touch of the shard, the feel of it... it has been a long time, $r.$B$BDo you know what it is like? To have your power severed from you?$B$BBut, that is a tale for another time. I promised you information. I promised you Agamaggan's power. My people turned their backs on Mangletooth. Now, I lose you upon them. <snort>","","","","",""
5054,"Ursius of the Shardtooth","In the snowy mountains of Winterspring, a skilled hunter stalks his prey... I speak of Ursius of the shardtooth bears, an agile and clever beast.$B$BI send you now against him. He roams the sloping hills to the west of Everlook. Find and hunt him, before he discovers your intent.$B$BAll that have gone up against Ursius have quickly found themselves to be the prey, and he, the hunter. Stay on your guard.","Storm Shadowhoof at Bloodvenom Post in Felwood wants you to kill Ursius.","This was no easy task, yet you have excelled. But do not be too quick to think you have impressed me, $N.","","","","",""
5055,"Brumeran of the Chillwind","Swift, and clever, Brumeran glides silently across the snowy landscape of southern Winterspring. But do not let her graceful appearance convince you that she is harmless. All that cross her pay considerably, and often with their own lives.$B$BSeek out Brumeran of the chillwind among the chimera. Defeat her, then return again to me.","Storm Shadowhoof at Bloodvenom Post in Felwood wants you to kill Brumeran.","Yes. You have returned. I believe now that you are a true $C by nature. You have faced the most ferocious of creatures and have returned, surpassing my expectations.$b$bYou are now ready for my final request.","","","","",""
5056,"Shy-Rotam","In northern Winterspring, great cats assemble around a large landmark called Frostsaber Rock. The leader of these cats is known by the name Shy-Rotam. Defeating the matriarch of the frostsabers would grant you much respect in the eyes of your fellow $R.$B$BGo again to Winterspring, and once there, gather sacred meat from the frostsabers. Find the stone of Shy-Rotam, and place it there. Placing the meat of her kin before her will summon Shy-Rotam, in anger.$B$BBe ready for her fury, and defeat her.","Storm Shadowhoof at Bloodvenom Post in Felwood wants you to defeat Shy-Rotam.","You have proven both your strength and your determination. Many more challenges await you, but I have already shown you as much as I am able.$b$bGood luck, $N.","","","","",""
5057,"Past Endeavors","Before you spoke to me, $N, I had heard of your endeavors... that you had an unyielding desire to prove yourself, that you had an exceptional ability as a $c, and I now know these things to be the truth.$B$BThose that excel as you do are worthy of recognition. Take this marker to a friend of mine in Thunder Bluff named Melor Stonehoof. I'm sure he will remember you, and what you accomplished so long ago. Speak to him of you recent victories, and do not ever forget what you have accomplished today.","Bring Storm Shadowhoof's Marker to Melor Stonehoof in Thunder Bluff.","We learn from our life experiences, $N. From what this marker says, I am sure that you have only become stronger and wiser as a result of yours. You have grown much since we last spoke.$b$bTake this in remembrance of the difficult tasks you have accomplished as a $R $C, and know that you will always have my respect and admiration.","","","","",""
5058,"Mrs. Dalson's Diary","","","A diary with yellowing pages lies open to the last entry:$B$B\"I don't know what's going to happen now that Harold's turned.  It took everything out of me to drag him into the only place I could find that'd lock him up tight and hold him.  I hid the key on me, and I pray it works...$B$BI hope I can get out of here, but I need money to do that.  Our stuff's all in the cabinet I think... and now that I think about it, doesn't Harold keep the key on him?$B$BI'll rest on it, I'm dead tired now.\"","","","","",""
5059,"Locked Away","","","Using the key found on the skeleton of the former Mrs. Dalson, you unlock the door to the outhouse.  A bloodthirsty ghoul leaps from the outhouse, having been trapped inside for who knows how long.$B$BIt is clear by the bloodcurdling scream of the ghoul at your presence that the former Farmer Dalson is now beyond saving.","","","","",""
5060,"Locked Away","","","The key taken from Farmer Dalson's ghoulish remains fits the lock perfectly.  The doors of the cabinet swing open, revealing several items that remain intact and appear quite valuable.","","","","",""
5061,"Aquatic Form","You have completed the necessary lessons all young druids are taught before they can adopt an aquatic aspect.  Go now back to your trainer, Mathrengyl Bearwalker, in Darnassus.  Show him your pendant and prove to him you are ready to learn what he has to teach you.  He will complete your training, allowing you to become one with the water.$B$BGoodbye, young druid.  We shall speak again.","Return to Darnassus and show Mathrengyl Bearwalker the Pendant of the Sea Lion.","Very impressive, $N. You are ready to learn your aquatic form, and it is my pleasure to teach it to you.$B$BAlso, in recognition of your achievement during the two trials, I give you this item. I hope you'll find it to be a welcome addition to your gear as a protector of nature and a keeper of the balance.","","","","",""
5062,"Sacred Fire","Arikara is a deadly creature that must be dealt with swiftly. In order to hunt her down you will need to light the sacred fire of life - this will summon Arikara.$B$BGo now and harvest the rare Incendia agave plant. Once you have harvested enough agave, seek council with Magatha Grimtotem on Elder Rise in Thunder Bluff. She is a powerful shaman that can enchant the agave plant to create a powder that will light the fire.$B$BTravel northeast to the Boiling Pool and gather Incendia Agave.","Gather 10 bushels of Incendia Agave, and then consult Magatha Grimtotem on Elder Rise in Thunderbluff.","Good, you have gathered the essential amount of Incendia agave. This rare herb found only in Thousand Needles will help light the dormant sacred fire of life.$B$B<Magatha begins to enchant the Incendia agave.>","","","","",""
5063,"Cap of the Scarlet Savant","A finer cap you may never see. From the pristine hide of the beast, our expert crafters will create the most phenomenal hat a prestidigitator could ever hope to don!$B$BFifty gold pieces along with the listed items and your head shall be graced with the Cap of the Scarlet Savant:$B$B*The pristine hide of the Beast.$B$B*Frayed abomination stitchings.$B$B*Arcane crystals.$B$B*Enchanted scarlet thread.$B$BBEHOLD!","In order to create the Cap of the Scarlet Savant, you will be required to bring the following items back to Malyfous Darkhammer: 1 Pristine Hide of the Beast; 5 Frayed Abomination Stitchings; 8 Arcane Crystals; 5 Enchanted Scarlet Thread. $B$BYou will also be required to pay 50 gold pieces for the crafting of the item.","Astounding! It must have taken weeks to gather those components... and how did you find a pristine hide?!?$b$bEnjoy the cap, $n!","","","","",""
5064,"Grimtotem Spying","$N, you have served us well in the past, so I now entrust to you an important mission. The Grimtotem Clan is up to something secretive. Three agents of unknown origin were seen visiting the Grimtotem over the recent weeks. We discovered that separate chests in Darkcloud Pinnacle hold these guarded messages.$b$b$N, if you succeed in this dangerous mission, I will reward you in kind.\
","Locate and retrieve the three Secret Notes in Darkcloud Pinnacle","Great Spirit Totem! This is dire news indeed. I must begin to plan for whatever may come.$b$b$N, as promised, here is your reward for your brave service.\
","","","","",""
5065,"The Lost Tablets of Mosh'aru","The troll with whom you spoke did not tell the truth.  The two tablets you gained for him spoke of containing the essence of Hakkar, but there is more to that legend.  I have studied long, and found that there are six Tablets of Mosh'aru, not two!  Six!$B$BAnd I fear that we will not like what secrets the others hold..$B$BFind the third and fourth tablets of Mosh'aru.  They're in the Eastern Plaguelands, held by the mossflayer trolls. Find them, and bring them to me.","Bring the Third and Fourth Mosh'aru Tablets to Prospector Ironboot in Tanaris.","You found them!  Great!$B$BThank you, $N.  I will pour over these texts and decipher their meaning.$B$BYou, however, have another task...","","","","",""
5066,"A Call to Arms: The Plaguelands!","Hear ye, hear ye!  All heroes are called upon to heed these words!$B$BA call to arms has been issued by the Kingdom of Stormwind!  All able bodied individuals are entreated to take up arms against the dark threat of the Scourge in the northern lands of the Eastern Kingdoms!  Rumors fly of new threats rising from the ruins of the Plaguelands!$B$BHeroes of the realm - seek out Commander Ashlam Valorfist who has set up his base camp in Chillwind Camp, north of the Alterac Mountains!","Seek out Commander Ashlam Valorfist.  His base camp is located at Chillwind Camp, north of the Alterac Mountains.","Welcome to the Plaguelands, hero. This is one of most dangerous frontiers in Azeroth, especially with the looming threat of the Scourge to our north and northeast. I am glad to hear that the clarion call of duty and service to the greater good did not fall on deaf ears with you!$b$bIf you are ready to get your hands dirty, then there is plenty for willing and able heroes to do here on the edge of the Plaguelands.","","","","",""
5067,"Leggings of Arcana","While the crafting of such an item has never successfully been accomplished, it is thought to be possible - under the right circumstance.$B$BShould the seeker of arcanum desire to imbue leggings with immense power, the following they must find:$B$B* The pristine hide of the Beast.$B$B* Frayed abomination stitchings.$B$B*Arcanite Bars.$B$B*Frostwhisper's embalming fluid.$B$BBEHOLD!","In order to create the Leggings of Arcana, you will be required to bring the following items back to Malyfous Darkhammer: 1 Pristine Hide of the Beast; 5 Frayed Abomination Stitchings; 5 Arcanite Bars; 5 Frostwhisper's Embalming Fluid.$B$BYou will also be required to pay 50 gold pieces for the crafting of the item.","Few more improbable tasks I have seen completed by mortals. Bask in the glory of my handiwork! Reap its rewards!","","","","",""
5068,"Breastplate of Bloodthirst","It is said that only one Breastplate of Bloodthirst has ever been created and that it was made for the legendary assassin, Garona. Whether this world will ever see another is doubtful.$B$BRegardless! Our master crafters can reproduce the item given the necessary components:$B$B*The pristine hide of the Beast.$B$B*Frayed abomination stitchings.$B$B*Arcanite bars.$B$B*The skin of shadow.$B$BBEHOLD!","In order to create the Breastplate of Bloodthirst, you will be required to bring the following items back to Malyfous Darkhammer: 1 Pristine Hide of the Beast; 10 Frayed Abomination Stitchings; 5 Arcanite Bars; 5 Skin of Shadow.$B$BYou will also be required to pay 50 gold pieces for the crafting of the item.","I thought I would be dead and buried before I ever saw this day.$B$BAn accomplishment of this magnitude can only be overshadowed by the reward.","","","","",""
5081,"Maxwell's Mission","This information fills in the gaps to our otherwise impeccable intelligence of Blackrock Spire.$B$BThe attack must be decisive, $N.$B$BFirst their war master, the troll Voone, must be destroyed. Without his battle plans, the Blackrock orcs will be thrown into chaos.$B$BYou must then take out the ogre Highlord, Omokk. The cowardly ogres of Blackrock are powerless without his leadership.$B$BLastly, the overlord of the citadel: Wyrmthalak. With Wyrmthalak dead, their central command unit is without a conduit.","Travel to Blackrock Spire and destroy War Master Voone, Highlord Omokk, and Overlord Wyrmthalak. Return to Marshal Maxwell when the job is done.","Excellent work, $N. At the very least, you have bought us more time - precious, precious time.","","","","",""
5082,"Threat of the Winterfall","I came to Winterspring to investigate the Frostfire Hot Springs. I've noticed that the water seems to have ...strange qualities. I haven't yet been able to discover the source, and to tell you the truth, I've had some difficulty lately, due to the Winterfall furbolg.$B$BThey seem to be drawn to the springs, just as I am. They have become extremely protective of the water, and won't let me come near the two larger springs to the north of here.$B$BI'd like to continue my studies, so won't you help me?","Donova Snowden in Winterspring wants you to kill 8 Winterfall Pathfinders, 8 Winterfall Den Watchers, and 8 Winterfall Totemics.","Thanks so much, $N! Now I can get back to work here.$B$BDid you find anything of interest at the Winterfall camp?","","","","",""
5083,"Winterfall Firewater","This vial that you picked up from the Winterfall furbolg is empty, but you can detect a few drops of a strange green liquid inside; it almost glows.$B$BIs it something important?$B$BDonova Snowden would probably be able to tell you more, since she has been camped by the hot springs in Winterspring for some time now.","Bring the Empty Firewater Flask to Donova Snowden in Winterspring.","You got this from the Winterfall?","","","","",""
5084,"Falling to Corruption","This greenish liquid... it reminds me a bit of the sludge I saw when traveling through Felwood. And I have seen some Winterfall Runners passing into Timbermaw... Perhaps these things have something to do with the flask you found, $N.$B$BThere is a large group of furbolg just past Timbermaw Hold, in Felwood. Called the Deadwood tribe, they have been corrupted and driven mad by the fel. Why don't you look around there and see if you can find any evidence of dealings between the Winterfall and the Deadwood?","Search the Deadwood furbolg camp in northern Felwood for a clue.","Inside the cauldron bubbles a rotting, repulsive-smelling substance...","","","","",""
5085,"Mystery Goo","The greenish substance inside the cauldron appears to be similar to what you found in the flask. This strange gooey stuff could be as corrupted as the furbolg that created it...$B$BIf the Winterfall furbolg are using it, does this mean that they will soon be as corrupted as the Deadwood tribe?$B$BIt would be best to report back to Donova with your findings, along with a sample of the liquid in the cauldron.","Report back to Donova Snowden with your findings.","You are very resourceful, $N. Do you think that the Winterfall furbolgs have been to the Deadwood camp?","","","","",""
5086,"Toxic Horrors","I've studied the sample you returned with, and while I can't say for sure, I believe it contains traces of toxic elements. However, the only way to know for sure is to gather some as a comparison.$B$BI believe that the Deadwood furbolg may be gathering these elements from other corrupted creatures in Felwood; in particular, the elementals living in the Irontree Woods, called toxic horrors.$B$BCollect a few samples for me to compare, but be careful -- it's very dangerous there!","Collect 3 Toxic Horror Droplets for Donova Snowden in Winterspring.","I have to compare this to the substance you found in the cauldron, and then I'm sure we'll know more.","","","","",""
5087,"Winterfall Runners","Very interesting, $N...$B$BWhen this toxic substance is mixed with the water from the hot springs, it loses its toxicity, only retaining the ability to temporarily affect those that ingest it. This must be why the Winterfall protect the hot springs so fervently -- they need them to purify their firewater.$B$BWe need to stop this -- cut off contact between the Winterfall and the Deadwood. A group of runners walks the distance between their village and Felwood. Find and defeat them, and steal their shipment.","Find the Winterfall Runners and stop them from delivering their shipment to Winterfall Village.","<Donova examines the contents of the crate.>$B$BI wonder if consuming this substance makes the furbolg more aggressive. They do seem much larger...","","","","",""
5088,"Arikara","Take this refined and purified Incendia powder to Thousand Needles and toss it on the sacred fire of life. It is located in the Darkcloud Pinnacle on an isolated needle where they bury their dead.$B$BThe enchantment that I have weaved into the Incendia powder will summon Arikara to you, $N.$B$BI fear she may be stalking Cairne Bloodhoof; too much Tauren lore has changed, and I fear this has angered Arikara. Move quickly before all is lost, $c!","Slay Arikara. Bring her remains and the Incendia powder to Motega Firemane in Whitereach Post as proof of your deed.","This does not make sense. Why would Arikara be after Cairne Bloodhoof? Magatha could not be wrong, she is our most powerful shaman.$B$B<Motega shakes his head.>$B$BRegardless, your great deed to the Horde shall not go unnoticed - please, choose one of these as a reward for your aid.","Light the Sacred Fire of Life","","","",""
5089,"General Drakkisath's Command","From the corpse of the defeated serpent you uncover what appears to be a note of some importance: A letter from his superior, General Drakkisath, concerning protocol.$B$BYour instinct tells you that you should take it to Marshal Maxwell.","Take General Drakkisath's Command to Marshal Maxwell in Burning Steppes.","The plot thickens...","","","","",""
5090,"A Call to Arms: The Plaguelands!","Hear ye, hear ye!  All heroes are called upon to heed these words!$B$BA call to arms has been issued by the Kingdom of Stormwind!  All able bodied individuals are entreated to take up arms against the dark threat of the Scourge in the northern lands of the Eastern Kingdoms!  Rumors fly of new threats rising from the ruins of the Plaguelands!$B$BHeroes of the realm - seek out Commander Ashlam Valorfist who has set up his base camp in Chillwind Camp, north of the Alterac Mountains!","Seek out Commander Ashlam Valorfist.  His base camp is located at Chillwind Camp, north of the Alterac Mountains.","Welcome to the Plaguelands, hero.  This is one of the most dangerous frontiers in Azeroth, especially with the looming threat of the Scourge to our north and northeast.  I am glad to hear that the clarion call of duty and service to the greater good did not fall on deaf ears with you!$B$BIf you are ready to get your hands dirty, then there is plenty for willing and able heroes to do here on the edge of the Plaguelands.","","","","",""
5091,"A Call to Arms: The Plaguelands!","Hear ye, hear ye!  All heroes are called upon to heed these words!$B$BA call to arms has been issued by the Kingdom of Stormwind!  All able bodied individuals are entreated to take up arms against the dark threat of the Scourge in the northern lands of the Eastern Kingdoms!  Rumors fly of new threats rising from the ruins of the Plaguelands!$B$BHeroes of the realm - seek out Commander Ashlam Valorfist who has set up his base camp in Chillwind Camp, north of the Alterac Mountains!","Seek out Commander Ashlam Valorfist.  His base camp is located at Chillwind Camp, north of the Alterac Mountains.","Welcome to the Plaguelands, hero.  This is one of the most dangerous frontiers in Azeroth, especially with the looming threat of the Scourge to our north and northeast.  I am glad to hear that the clarion call of duty and service to the greater good did not fall on deaf ears with you!$B$BIf you are ready to get your hands dirty, then there is plenty for willing and able heroes to do here on the edge of the Plaguelands.","","","","",""
5092,"Clear the Way","With Andorhal's western and northern roads into the city well fortified, I'm looking to strike at it from the less defended eastern road.  The Scourge relies on the buffer of undead that infests Sorrow Hill as a first line of defense.  If we are to advance on Andorhal, we will need to do it through Sorrow Hill.$B$BYour first assignment will be to clear the way through Sorrow Hill.  Thin out the skeletons and ghouls that haunt the area; report back to me when this is done!","Kill 10 Skeletal Flayers and 10 Slavering Ghouls in Sorrow Hill.$B$BReturn to Commander Ashlam Valorfist at Chillwind Camp, Western Plaguelands.","Mission accomplished, $N!  Well played, well played.$B$BAllow me to reward your work thus far with some coin from the Stormwind coffers.  I'd recommend spending it on materiel that will aid you in your next mission... one that will take you into the ruins of Andorhal itself.$B$BBe ready!  Be vigilant!","","","","",""
5093,"A Call to Arms: The Plaguelands!","Heroes of the realm, hear me - the Horde calls upon you for swift action!$B$BA call to arms has been issued for all able bodied individuals to take up arms against the Scourge!  Rumors fly of new threats rising from the ruins of the Eastern Kingdoms.  They loom to the east of the Undercity, in the northern reaches of the lands now known as the Plaguelands!$B$BHeroes of the realm - seek out High Executor Derrington, who has set up his base camp at the Bulwark, east of Tirisfal Glade!","Seek out High Executor Derrington.  His base camp is located at the Bulwark, east of Tirisfal Glade and the Undercity.","Welcome to the Plaguelands, hero.  This is one of the most dangerous frontiers in Azeroth, with the looming threat of the Scourge to our east, and then even further still eastward from there.  I am glad to hear that the call of duty and service to the Horde did not fall on deaf ears with you!$B$BIf you are ready to get your hands dirty, then there is plenty for willing and able heroes to do here on the edge of the Plaguelands.","","","","",""
5094,"A Call to Arms: The Plaguelands!","Heroes of the realm, hear me - the Horde calls upon you for swift action!$B$BA call to arms has been issued for all able bodied individuals to take up arms against the Scourge!  Rumors fly of new threats rising from the ruins of the Eastern Kingdoms.  They loom to the east of the Undercity, in the northern reaches of the lands now known as the Plaguelands!$B$BHeroes of the realm - seek out High Executor Derrington, who has set up his base camp at the Bulwark, east of Tirisfal Glade!","Seek out High Executor Derrington.  His base camp is located at the Bulwark, east of Tirisfal Glade and the Undercity.","Welcome to the Plaguelands, hero. This is one of most dangerous frontiers in Azeroth, with the looming threat of the Scourge to our east, and then even further still eastward from there. I am glad to hear that the call of duty and service to the Horde did not fall on deaf ears with you!$b$bIf you are ready to get your hands dirty, then there is plenty for willing and able heroes to do here on the edge of the Plaguelands.","","","","",""
5095,"A Call to Arms: The Plaguelands!","Heroes of the realm, hear me - the Horde calls upon you for swift action!$B$BA call to arms has been issued for all able bodied individuals to take up arms against the Scourge!  Rumors fly of new threats rising from the ruins of the Eastern Kingdoms.  They loom to the east of the Undercity, in the northern reaches of the lands now known as the Plaguelands!$B$BHeroes of the realm - seek out High Executor Derrington, who has set up his base camp at the Bulwark, east of Tirisfal Glades!","Seek out High Executor Derrington.  His base camp is located at the Bulwark, east of Tirisfal Glades and the Undercity.","Welcome to the Plaguelands, hero. This is one of the most dangerous frontiers in Azeroth, with the looming threat of the Scourge to our east, and then even further still eastward from there. I am glad to hear that the call of duty and service to the Horde did not fall on deaf ears with you!$B$BIf you are ready to get your hands dirty, then there is plenty for willing and able heroes to do here on the edge of the Plaguelands.","","","","",""
5096,"Scarlet Diversions","Before Andorhal, we must tackle the advancing Scarlet Crusade menace from Hearthglen.  They've made camp between Felstone Field and Dalson's Tears, making us risk conflict against both the Scourge and the Crusade at once.$B$BMy plan is to play them off of each other by sending you to destroy the command tent they've set up; use some Flame in a Bottle from this box of incendiaries.  Once razed, plant this Scourge banner by the tent.  With some luck, they'll ignore us and focus on the Scourge for vengeance.","Proceed to the Scarlet Crusade's base camp between Felstone Field and Dalson's Tears and destroy their command tent.$B$BPlace the Scourge banner at the camp, and then return to High Executor Derrington at the Bulwark, Western Plaguelands.","Finely executed, $N. Your attack on the Scarlet Crusade will buy us time. I have sent one of my best scouts out to watch over the camp and make sure that the Crusade forces that come to reinforce the position will take the bait.$B$BWith the pressure on us lessened, we should now finally be able to risk a mission into Andorhal itself, and an important one at that. I'd very much like it if you'd perform this one as well, based on your success to date.","Destroy the command tent and plant the Scourge banner in the camp","","","",""
5097,"All Along the Watchtowers","Through the use of a magical device known as a beacon torch, we can mark targets of our choosing for future actions by our troops.  To that end, we think the Scourge are using Andorhal's watchtowers as a means to control their troop movements.$B$BYour mission: breach Andorhal's defenses to plant beacons at all four watchtowers.  You'll need to be in the doorway of each tower to plant the beacon; it will then proceed to mark the tower.  There are only five charges on the beacon torch, so use them wisely!","Using the Beacon Torch, mark each tower in Andorhal; you will need to stand in the doorway of the tower to successfully mark it.$B$BOnce all four towers are marked, return the Beacon Torch to Commander Ashlam Valorfist in Chillwind Camp, Western Plaguelands.","My priests are reporting that our beacon trackers are picking up extremely strong signals on all four towers!  Dare I say it, but I believe you've executed another mission with complete and total success!  Well played once again, $N!$B$BWith the towers marked, our preparations for the attack are now in place.  The time has come to take the fight to the Scourge!","","Tower One marked","Tower Two marked","Tower Three marked","Tower Four marked"
5098,"All Along the Watchtowers","Through the use of a magical device known as a beacon torch, we can mark targets of our choosing for future actions by our troops.  To that end, we think the Scourge are using Andorhal's watchtowers as a means to control their troop movements.$B$BYour mission: breach Andorhal's defenses to plant beacons at all four watchtowers.  You'll need to be in the doorway of each tower to plant the beacon; it will then proceed to mark the tower.  There are only five charges on the beacon torch, so use them wisely!","Using the Beacon Torch, mark each tower in Andorhal; you will need to stand in the doorway of the tower to successfully mark it.$B$BOnce all four towers are marked, return the Beacon Torch to High Executor Derrington at the Bulwark, Western Plaguelands.","My warlocks are reporting that our beacon trackers are picking up extremely strong signals on all four towers!  You've executed my orders with the skill and precision of a seasoned veteran.  Your service to the Horde is duly noted once more, $N!$B$BWith the towers marked, our preparations for the attack are now in place.  The time has come to take the fight to the Scourge!","","Tower One marked","Tower Two marked","Tower Three marked","Tower Four marked"
5102,"General Drakkisath's Demise","We battle against these beasts on two fronts: From our capital of Stormwind we fight them from the inside out and here, in the Burning Steppes, we take the battle to their doorstep. We must be vigilant, $N. None should be spared our wrath as none of our own were spared when they struck at our homes and families.$B$BFind this General Drakkisath and destroy him!$B$BThe task certainly will not be a simple one, but the rewards shall be extravagant.","Travel to Blackrock Spire and destroy General Drakkisath. Return to Marshal Maxwell when the job is done.\
","Surely, we will strike against their dragon lords next. Well done, brave soldier of the Alliance! Well done, indeed.\
","","","","",""
5103,"Hot Fiery Death","The only thing that remains of this human are some charred bones. He seems to have died within arms reach of what he was after - unfired plate gauntlets.$B$BPerhaps you should grab the gauntlets and get out of the fire?","Someone in this world must know what to do with these gauntlets. Good luck!","What the...","","","","",""
5121,"High Chief Winterfall","While we still know very little about why the furbolg have been ingesting this strange substance, I do think it's best that we put a stop to it before it gets out of hand.$B$BThe Winterfall furbolg are not a normally aggressive tribe, and this change in their behavior leads me to think that they must be under orders from their chief. We most likely can't undo the damage that has already been done, but I think that if their leader is slain, they will not get any worse.$B$BHead east to Winterfall Village.","Donova Snowden in Winterspring wants you to defeat High Chief Winterfall.","Thank you so much, $N. I hope to get back to my studies without worry that I will be ambushed. Please accept this as a reward.","","","","",""
5122,"The Medallion of Faith","","","You retrieved the medallion!  Now I will be able to leave the chapel and perform my duty.$B$BThat duty is to kill the beast who helped corrupt me and so many of my brothers and sisters, Baron Rivendare!","","","","",""
5123,"The Final Piece","The log you found on the high chief looks extensive, but after looking through a couple of the pages, you find that you cannot read the text. The markings are so crude and poorly-formed that you are not sure if anyone would be able to read them.$B$BBut perhaps Donova will be able to tell you what it says... ","Bring the Crudely-written Log to Donova Snowden in Winterspring.","I wonder what all of this means... I can't make anything out...","","","","",""
5124,"Fiery Plate Gauntlets","By Thaurissan's beard!$B$BWhere did you find them?$B$BMore importantly, are you willing to part with them? Naturally, I would pay you for such a noble gesture.$B$BI'll tell you what, $N. If you give me those unfired gauntlets, I will teach you how to make a set all your own. All you need to do is collect the parts for me so that I may narrow down the exact recipe.$B$BDo we have a deal??$B$BHere's the list of what I need, I'll front the non-enchanted thorium myself since you're supplying the gauntlets.\
","Bring Malyfous Darkhammer 6 Enchanted Thorium Bars, 2 Essence of Fire, and 4 Star Rubies. You will also need to turn in your Unfired Plate Gauntlets.","As promised, $N, here's your recipe! I'm also going to throw in a little something extra for all of your hard work and dedication. What am I going to do with these anyway???","","","","",""
5125,"Aurius' Reckoning","","","$N, I am dying... but my soul is saved.  For that, I owe you more than words can say.  Please, take this... and fight on, brave $c!","","","","",""
5126,"Lorax's Tale","The Satyr paces about and talks to himself. Do you wish to question him?","Speak with Lorax. Listen to what he has to say.\
",\N,"Listen to Lorax's Tale","","","",""
5127,"The Demon Forge","Lorax makes deals, he does not accept them from insignificant mortals.$B$BA deal I shall make with you, however... take this pike, it is imbued with powerful Fel energies. When you find Goraluk Anvilcrack, slay him and drive this pike through his dying heart. His soul he bartered, his soul I shall have. Return the pike and return the breastplate that the thief stole and I shall teach you what it is that he was to learn.","Travel to Blackrock Spire and find Goraluk Anvilcrack. Slay him and then use the Blood Stained Pike upon his corpse. After his soul has been siphoned, the pike will be Soul Stained.$B$BYou must also find the Unforged Rune Covered Breastplate.$B$BReturn both the Soul Stained Pike and the Unforged Rune Covered Breastplate to Lorax in Winterspring.","Our pact you did not break. The soul I did take. The reward I shall make.","","","","",""
5128,"Words of the High Chief","The Winterfall are no longer a threat to me, but if you still want to find out what was driving the furbolg to create and consume this strange firewater, I think you should seek out Kelek Skykeeper.$B$BHe is part of a group known as the Emerald Circle, druids that are committed to their work in Felwood, healing the land from the corruption.$B$BKelek has much experience with the furbolgs in Felwood, and may be able to tell you more about the log.$B$BThank you, again, $N.","Take the Crudely-written Log to Kelek Skykeeper in southern Felwood.","Yes, if you let me examine this for a while, I might be able to translate it for you.$b$b<Kelek flips through the pages.>$b$bWhen I am able to look over this fully, I will send word to you.$b$bThank you for sharing this with me, $N. Very little is known about the Winterfall furbolg.","","","","",""
5141,"Dragonscale Leatherworking","Dragonscale leatherworking isn't easy, but it's extremely rewarding.  I'll teach you how to make this fine mail armor, but only if you agree to certain conditions.$B$BBy choosing this path, you agree never to learn elemental or tribal leatherworking; there is only room for one of the three at the apex of the craft.  Furthermore, I'll need some samples of your best work involving scorpid armor.  Finally, I'll need proof of your ability to acquire the staple of the trade: scales of the dragonkin.","Bring 2 Tough Scorpid Breastplates, 2 Tough Scorpid Gloves, and 10 Worn Dragonscales to Peter Galen in Azshara.$B$BCompleting this quest will give you access to the Dragonscale Leatherworking arts.$B$BThe completion of this quest will prevent you from learning Elemental Leatherworking and Tribal Leatherworking; be sure this is the path you wish to follow before doing so.","I'll hand it to you - it takes a strong will to make a permanent decision like you've just done. I assure you, dragonscale leatherworking will prove to be a profitable and rewarding path for you to follow.$B$BTo train in the art for the future, simply speak to me and I will make available any knowledge that you have yet to commit as yours.","","","","",""
5142,"Little Pamela","So many of us died at the battle of Darrowshire.  So many died... and worse.$B$BWhen the battle began I hid my niece Pamela, and I do not know what happened to her.  I am but a wandering spirit, but my heart still longs to know Pamela's fate.$B$BPlease, good $c.  Will you go to Darrowshire and search for her?  It is to the east, beyond Gahrron's Withering.","Find Pamela Redpath.","Hello.  I'm Pamela, what's your name?","","","","",""
5143,"Tribal Leatherworking","To learn tribal leatherworking demands an understanding of how primal nature truly is; I know that you have already mastered the art of making wild leather armor, and I am willing to complete your training.$B$BKnow this, $c: by choosing this path you agree never to learn dragonscale or elemental leatherworking; there is only room for practice of one of the three arts.  Furthermore, bring to me the finest samples of your wild leather armor.  From there, we will begin your mastery.","Bring a Wild Leather Vest and a Wild Leather Helmet to Caryssia Moonhunter in Feralas.$B$BCompleting this quest will give you access to the Tribal Leatherworking arts.$B$BThe completion of this quest will prevent you from learning Dragonscale Leatherworking and Elemental Leatherworking; be sure this is the path you wish to follow before doing so.","You've given your finest offerings, and nature will soon permit you to bend her to your will. Once I have finished my tutelage, your work will be a force of nature unto itself.$B$BTo train in the art for the future, simply speak to me and I will make available any knowledge that you have yet to commit as yours.","","","","",""
5144,"Elemental Leatherworking","Elemental leatherworking is what I know, and if you're willing to open your mind to the greater powers of substance, I will share with you all there is to learn.$B$BKnow this, $c: by choosing this path you agree never to learn dragonscale or tribal leatherworking; there is only room for practice of one of the three arts.  Furthermore, I'll need adequate proof that you are in tune with the elements of nature; to that end, bring me the purest essences of fire, water, earth, and wind.","Bring 2 Heart of Fire, 2 Globe of Water, 2 Core of Earth, and 2 Breath of Wind to Sarah Tanner in Searing Gorge.$B$BCompleting this quest will give you access to the Elemental Leatherworking arts.$B$BThe completion of this quest will prevent you from learning Dragonscale Leatherworking and Tribal Leatherworking; be sure this is the path you wish to follow before doing so.","You've cast your lot, and the elements accept you. Once I have finished my tutelage, you shall command the will to craft the finest of leather garbs.$B$BTo train in the art for the future, simply speak to me and I will make available any knowledge that you have yet to commit as yours.","","","","",""
5145,"Dragonscale Leatherworking","Dragonscale leatherworking isn't easy, but it's extremely rewarding.  I'll teach you how to make this fine mail armor, but only if you agree to certain conditions.$B$BBy choosing this path, you agree never to learn elemental or tribal leatherworking; there is only room for one of the three at the apex of the craft.  Furthermore, I'll need some samples of your best work involving scorpid armor.  Finally, I'll need proof of your ability to acquire the staple of the trade: scales of the dragonkin.","Bring 2 Tough Scorpid Breastplates, 2 Tough Scorpid Gloves, and 10 Worn Dragonscales to Thorkaf Dragoneye in the Badlands.$B$BCompleting this quest will give you access to the Dragonscale Leatherworking arts.$B$BThe completion of this quest will prevent you from learning Elemental Leatherworking and Tribal Leatherworking; be sure this is the path you wish to follow before doing so.","I'll hand it to you - it takes a strong will to make a permanent decision like you've just done. I assure you, dragonscale leatherworking will prove to be a profitable and rewarding path for you to follow.$b$bTo train in the art for the future, simply speak to me and I will make available any knowledge that you have yet to commit as yours.","","","","",""
5146,"Elemental Leatherworking","Elemental leatherworking is what I know, and if you're willing to open your mind to the greater powers of substance, I will share with you all there is to learn.$B$BKnow this, $c: by choosing this path you agree never to learn dragonscale or tribal leatherworking; there is only room for practice of one of the three arts.  Furthermore, I'll need adequate proof that you are in tune with the elements of nature; to that end, bring me the purest essences of fire, water, earth, and wind.","Bring 2 Heart of Fire, 2 Globe of Water, 2 Core of Earth, and 2 Breath of Wind to Brumn Winterhoof in the Arathi Mountains.$B$BCompleting this quest will give you access to the Elemental Leatherworking arts.$B$BThe completion of this quest will prevent you from learning Dragonscale Leatherworking and Tribal Leatherworking; be sure this is the path you wish to follow before doing so.","You've cast your lot, and the elements accept you. Once I have finished my tutelage, you shall command the will to craft the finest of leather garbs.$B$BTo train in the art for the future, simply speak to me and I will make available any knowledge that you have yet to commit as yours.","","","","",""
5147,"Wanted - Arnak Grimtotem","Wanted: Arnak Grimtotem$B$BArnak the outcast is wanted for the heinous crimes of murder and kidnapping. Handsome rewards will be given to those brave enough to bring this criminal to justice.$B$BArnak was last seen on the cliffs near the Darkcloud Pinnacle. Show the proof of your deed to Cliffwatcher Longhorn in Freewind Post in order to claim the reward.","Slay Arnak Grimtotem and bring proof of your deed to Cliffwatcher Longhorn in Freewind Post.","Hah! Well, this is excellent news! I was starting to think that he would never be brought to justice!$B$BHere you are, $N... and thanks. News of Arnak's foul deeds boiled my blood!","","","","",""
5148,"Tribal Leatherworking","To learn tribal leatherworking demands an understanding of how primal nature truly is; I know that you have already mastered the art of making wild leather armor, and I am willing to complete your training.$B$BKnow this, $c: by choosing this path you agree never to learn dragonscale or elemental leatherworking; there is only room for practice of one of the three arts.  Furthermore, bring to me the finest samples of your wild leather armor.  From there, we will begin your mastery.","Bring a Wild Leather Vest and a Wild Leather Helmet to Se'Jib in Stranglethorn Vale.$B$BCompleting this quest will give you access to the Tribal Leatherworking arts.$B$BThe completion of this quest will prevent you from learning Dragonscale Leatherworking and Elemental Leatherworking; be sure this is the path you wish to follow before doing so.","You've given your finest offerings, and nature will soon permit you to bend her to your will. Once I have finished my tutelage, your work will be a force of nature unto itself.$B$BTo train in the art for the future, simply speak to me and I will make available any knowledge that you have yet to commit as yours.","","","","",""
5149,"Pamela's Doll","My auntie Marlene told me to stay here in our house because my father had to go and fight.  My father's the bravest man in the whole world!$B$BBut I've been here for a long time, and he hasn't come for me.  Sometimes bad people come and whisper to me and I want my dad to make them go away, but he's not here!$B$BAnd sometimes when it gets dark I want to play with my doll but I can't because I left it in town.$B$BWill you find my doll for me?","Find Pamela's doll.","You found it!  You found my doll!  Oh, thank you!","","","","",""
5150,"Dadanga is Hungry!","","","Placing the sprouts in front of her, Dadanga seems pleased.$B$BShe nudges a small brown-wrapped package towards you, in exchange for the treat!","","","","",""
5151,"Hypercapacitor Gizmo","I am the only survivor from our caravan attack by the centaur! A rare yet mighty panther is guarding my best gizmo, which is around his neck. Hah! Even the centaur tremble in the presence of this ferocious beast!$B$BHere is the key to the cage. They took everything there, but left him alone. Slay this beast and bring back my hypercapacitor, and I shall reward you.$b$bThe wrecked caravan is just north of here.\
","Slay the beast and bring back the Hypercapacitor Gizmo and Panther Cage Key to Wizlo Bearingshiner.","My hypercapacitor! This will keep me busy for a while until I can figure out what it does...","","","","",""
5152,"Auntie Marlene","Oh, I'm so lonely!  Where is my family?  Auntie Marlene told me to stay here, but then she left and never came back!  And my dad... have you seen him?$B$BMaybe Auntie Marlene knows where he is.  She lives near Andorhal, in a house to the south.  I think it was on a hill... she said it was on a hill.$B$BPlease, $N.  You're my new friend!  Will you talk to my Auntie for me?","Speak with Marlene, south of the Ruins of Andorhal.","You saw Pamela?  How is she?  Is she alive??  Oh, no!  Poor Pamela!  She was so young, and such a happy child...$B$BShe doesn't know what happened to her father, does she?  My brother, Joseph?$B$BNo... she couldn't understand what happened to Joseph.  And even if she could, I don't have the heart to tell her...","","","","",""
5153,"A Strange Historian","I wish Joseph could again be with his daughter, but it cannot be so.  His soul was twisted by the Scourge, and he became a monster.  Oh, he is doomed!$B$BBut perhaps we can change his fate.$B$BSearch the graves outside for Joseph's monument.  His body's not there, for it was trampled and destroyed years ago, but under the monument is his wedding ring.  Take that ring to Chromie... a strange gnome with very strange powers.$B$BChromie is staying in the ruined inn at the northwest corner of Andorhal.","Bring Joseph's Wedding Ring to Chromie.","What is this?  A wedding ring?  Let me see...$B$BAh!  This ring was once on the hand of a great man, but there is much tragedy in that man's past.$B$BAre you here to help him?  It's far too late for him now... but perhaps we can help him in the past!","","","","",""
5154,"The Annals of Darrowshire","To save Joseph Redpath, we must first discover his past.  We can learn this in the Annals of Darrowshire, a book held in the city hall of Andorhal.$B$BBring me that book.  We can then learn Joseph's fate, and with luck... change it!","Bring the Annals of Darrowshire to Chromie in Andorhal.","Well done, you found it!$B$BDid you read it?  Is Joseph Redpath mentioned?  If he is, then perhaps we can save him!$B$BAh.  The Annals of Darrowshire tell a very unsettling tale.  It says that during the battle, Joseph Redpath was corrupted and joined the ranks of the Scourge!  He then betrayed the defenders of Darrowshire.$B$BThat is an ill fate.  If we can, we should try to change that fate, don't you think?","","","","",""
5155,"Forces of Jaedenar","If I am to trust you in this matter, you will first have to prove yourself.$B$BI must know that you are an enemy of the Shadow Council--the ones responsible for many evils here and abroad.$B$BTravel deeper into Felwood. To the west you will see a path leading to Jaedenar. It is there that the Council plots with the Burning Legion.$B$BEnter the depths of one of the corrupted Barrow Dens they inhabit and slay their kind. Return to me after you've done this. Then I will know you truly seek to help us.","Enter Jaedenar and slay 4 Jaedenar Hounds, 4 Jaedenar Guardsmen, 6 Jaedenar Adepts, and 6 Jaedenar Cultists before returning to Greta Mosshoof in Felwood.","Good, $N! With their numbers weakening, we can further press them.$B$BHow was your first taste of their power? Were they as strong as you thought they would be? Stronger? Or perhaps they were no challenge for you at all. Wouldn't that be something?$B$BWe can discuss the details of your exploits later. There are other things we must focus on now.","","","","",""
5156,"Verifying the Corruption","To the north, along the east of the road in what's called Shatter Scar Vale, is an area where infernals were called down during the last great war--the craters still scar the land, as do the infernals themselves.$B$BI am curious about two things. First, are there still entropic elementals roaming the area? And second, are the craters still filled with the corrupt, fetid water that gathered there years ago? Will you help me and check, $N? Be careful though, the infernals destroy anything in their path.","Seek out and destroy 2 Entropic Beasts and 2 Entropic Horrors while exploring Shatter Scar Vale. After checking to see if the craters there are still filled with corrupt fel water, return to Taronn Redfeather in Felwood.","Good that you're alive, $N. Bad that the water still exists. I was hoping to find at least one pure source of water here in Felwood. It looks like my search has failed. The process of healing the land could have been made much easier with its existence.$B$BI will have to concern myself with saving what forest creatures I can while destroying those that have become so corrupt that they endanger themselves as much as travelers through this once-mighty forest.","Explore the craters in Shatter Scar Vale","","","",""
5157,"Collection of the Corrupt Water","Deep within Jaedenar lies Shadow Hold--the main fortress of their corruption and evil.$B$BThe Shadow Council has protective spells surrounding their lair in the form of braziers. If I am to find out any more information about our enemy through scrying, then those braziers must be extinguished. By doing so, I should be able to spy on the Council and find out who leads them.$B$BIf you can, take this canteen and fill it at the Moon Well in the center of Jaedenar. Return to me afterwards.","Take the Empty Canteen to the Moon Well in the center of Jaedenar and fill it before returning to Greta Mosshoof in Felwood.","This will do nicely, $N.$B$BNow all we have to do besides apply the waters to the braziers is to have it purified. That should not be difficult--it should only require a little travel.$B$BHopefully we can do this quickly.","","","","",""
5158,"Seeking Spiritual Aid","Take the corrupt water to the Barrens, $N. South of Ratchet, hidden along the shore, is an old friend of mine, a shaman named Islen Waterseer. She is a powerful shaman who will help us. Her relationship with the spirits of water has always been strong. Our task being a noble one should be enough to persuade her and the spirits of water to aid us in this task.$B$BYou should find her at a small camp right along the water's edge. And, $N, ignore the pirates... they are but a nuisance and no threat to you.","Take the Corrupt Moon Well Water to Islen Waterseer in the Barrens.","Ah, you need the water from this Moon Well cleansed. Stopping this force of malice in Felwood seems noble enough, but it is not for me to decide if the water will be purified. I will ask the spirits of water--it will be up to them to decide if the cause is just.$B$BGive me a moment and I will tell them of your plea. I hope they are as sympathetic as I am to your cause.","","","","",""
5159,"Cleansed Water Returns to Felwood","Thank the spirits, $N. They are the ones that have come to your aid, not me.$B$BI give this purified water to you now. Please give my regards to Greta and my best wishes. She is tackling something greater than many of us... as I'm sure she will soon find out.$B$BThe Shadow Council is not a force to be trifled with, $N. Remember that.$B$BGo now. Take the water and return to Greta.","Take the Purified Moon Well Water to Greta Mosshoof in Felwood.","This should be more than enough water for our purposes.$B$BI'm glad to hear that Islen was able to help us. Her strength with the water spirits has always been a strong one. She is also wise, and rare is it that the spirits do not agree with her purpose. The fact that both of them have blessed our task gives me hope that we are on the right path.","","","","",""
5160,"The Matron Protectorate","Travel to Kalimdor, $r. Our flight makes its home in the frigid landscape of Winterspring. Once you reach Winterspring, find the caves of Mazthoril.$B$BUpon the icy floors of Mazthoril you will find cobalt runes. Hold one of my scales and stand upon a rune and you shall be transported to Haleh, our matron protectorate.$B$BGive her the scale so that she may scry what it is I have seen and felt, here in this doomed place.","Travel to Winterspring and find Haleh. Give her Awbee's scale.","The Aspects insist that we stay out of the affairs of mortals. In this world, however, such a thing is not always possible - especially when one of our own contemptuously disregards such edicts.","","","","",""
5161,"Wrath of the Blue Flight","We understand what the cursed brood of Deathwing attempts to do and we know that it cannot be allowed.$B$BBecause of the protection Blackrock mountain affords Nefarian, it has become increasingly difficult for us to intercede.$B$BWe can, however, empower you, mortal - should you so choose.$B$BThe path before you is one full of peril. You must decide whether to accept our help. Ponder this and speak with me again when a decision has been made.","Speak with Haleh if you wish to continue.","So it shall be...","","","","",""
5162,"Wrath of the Blue Flight","It is the arcane that I control and the arcane which will send you to your next destination.$B$BWhen you are ready, the journey will begin. To the Plaguelands you will go and to Jeziba you will speak.$B$BHe is a mortal as wise as the ancients and as patient as the immovable earth. Find him in Andorhal.\
","Speak with Jeziba in the Plaguelands. He resides in Andorhal.","I am Jeziba, known to many as the Sculptor. What I sculpt, however, are not statues, but heroes.$b$b","","","","",""
5163,"Are We There, Yeti?","It's all ready, $N!$B$BNow, I sent some mail to my friends already, telling them that I have a surprise for them. This is where you come in!$B$BI'm going to give you my mechanical yeti, and you need to surprise them by paying each of my friends a visit, turning the yeti on and sending it towards them.$B$B Once you have shown Legacki in Everlook, Sprinkle in Gadgetzan, and Quixxil in Marshal's Refuge, come back and tell me what happened!$B$BPlease bring my yeti back to me then, too.","Take Umi's Mechanical Yeti and scare her friends with it:$B$BLegacki in Everlook (Winterspring)$BSprinkle in Gadgetzan (Tanaris)$BQuixxil in Marshal's Refuge (Un'Goro Crater)$B$BWhen you are done, bring the Mechanical Yeti back to Umi.","Hah! They'll think twice before making fun of my ideas again!$B$BThanks for your help, $N. I couldn't have had so much fun without you!","","Scare Legacki","Scare Sprinkle","Scare Quixxil",""
5164,"Catalogue of the Wayward","A finer instrument of justice, Haleh could not have chosen. Read from the catalogue of the wayward and be enlightened.$B$BShould you persist... should you do what is asked of you... should you survive... a hero you will make.","Read from the Catalogue of the Wayward.\
","Hundreds upon hundreds of pages filled with garbled text and symbols make up the brunt of this book.","","","","",""
5165,"Dousing the Flames of Protection","Now, you must return to Jaedenar. The braziers are more than likely spread throughout Shadow Hold. Douse each of their flames and the protections the Council has set up will fall for at least a short period of time. I will be waiting for that to happen. When it does, I will look deep within the Hold and try to find out who the head of this beast is. Then, and only then, will we see about attacking them directly.","Using the Purified Moon Well Water, douse the flames of the four braziers of protection within Shadow Hold in Felwood, then return to Greta Mosshoof in the Emerald Sanctuary.","I was able to see you with my spells as soon as the last brazier's flames died. Well done, $N.$B$BI learned a few things before the Shadow Council's warlocks were able to recast their spells. Hopefully it will be enough.$B$BFor now, rest. I will tell you what I've learned in a moment.","","Extinguish the Brazier of Pain","Extinguish the Brazier of Malice","Extinguish the Brazier of Suffering","Extinguish the Brazier of Hatred"
5166,"Breastplate of the Chromatic Flight","The forging of a powerful breastplate to protect against the unrelenting attacks of the chromatic flight is one built upon irony.$B$BThe scales of the very beasts we battle must be sewn to the pristine carapace of an elder chromatic drake or dragon. None are known to exist at this time and we should hope that none will ever exist.$B$BLastly, perhaps the most difficult of all components: the blood of heroes.$B$BThe Sculptor must ultimately forge this creation.","To forge the Breastplate of the Chromatic Flight, you will be required to bring the following items to Jeziba the 'Sculptor':$B$B1 Chromatic Carapace.$B$B10 Brilliant Chromatic Scales.$B$B10 Blood of Heroes.$B$B10 Frayed Abomination Stitchings.","Do you not yet understand? The journey was the destination. Can you not feel the battle scars? The pain you underwent?$B$BHaving survived the ordeal, you are a more powerful being. Much more powerful. This breastplate is merely a reflection of your own innate abilities.","","","","",""
5167,"Legplates of the Chromatic Defier","The carapace of a mature chromatic drake is needed to form the foundation of the leggings. Brilliant chromatic scales are then layered upon the wire frame and enchanted in the blood of heroes. Finally, the supple skin of shadow must be applied to the inner greaves.","To forge the Legplates of the Chromatic Defier, you will be required to bring the following items to Jeziba the 'Sculptor':$B$B1 Chromatic Carapace.$B$B10 Brilliant Chromatic Scales.$B$B10 Blood of Heroes.$B$B5 Skin of Shadow.","They will smell their kin as you enter their halls, $N. Crush them with their own fear!","","","","",""
5168,"Heroes of Darrowshire","The heroes of Darrowshire hold a place in my heart, and the book you brought me, the Annals of Darrowshire, tells their tales.$B$BIt tells of the paladin Davil Lightfire and how the Crusade took his libram to the town hall of Hearthglen.$B$BIts passages also speak of my brother, Captain Redpath.  After his betrayal, his shield was cracked and discarded and now lies in the most unlikely of places -- near the barn of Gahrron's Withering.$B$BGather these relics, $N.  For fate and tragedy surrounds them.","Bring Davil's Libram and Redpath's Shield to Carlin Redpath.","You have the libram and the shield!$b$bTheir history is entwined with the history of Darrowshire, and somehow, I know that fate will bring them together again.","","","","",""
5181,"Villains of Darrowshire","The Annals of Darrowshire tells of the villains of that battle.  It tells how the ghoul lord Horgus the Ravager was destroyed by Alliance forces during the battle.  His body was cast into a lake, northwest of Corin's Crossing, and his skull remains there.$B$BMarduk the Black was never defeated, but his fabled sword was shattered and lost.  It lies at the bottom of the gorge west of Corin's Crossing.$B$BRetrieve these items, $N.  I know not why, but I am certain their fate lies with you.","Bring the Skull of Horgus and the Shattered Sword of Marduk to Carlin Redpath at Light's Hope Chapel.","You found them! Well done, $N! These relics hold a power I do not fully understand, a power you will one day harness.$b$bThey also bring dark memories to my mind, memories death and treachery, and of the last night of Darrowshire...","","","","",""
5201,"Winterfall Intrusion","My presence goes unnoticed by most, $N. However, there is an annoyance that seems firmly rooted here in Winterspring: the Winterfall furbolg.$B$BAlthough I have never directly attacked the furbolg, they seem crazed, fearful of anything in their path. I have watched them slay countless creatures that had the misfortune to simply be in the wrong place at the wrong time.$B$BI am weary of their meddling -- please, help me by fighting back. Slay the furbolg and keep them away from Frostsaber Rock.","Rivern Frostwind wants you to slay 5 Winterfall Shaman and 5 Winterfall Ursa.","I am relieved to hear that for a short moment, we will not have to worry about the Winterfall intrusion.$B$BYou are beginning to show your perseverance, $N.","","","","",""
5202,"A Strange Red Key","The small red key seems to be made of some kind of bone material. It is heavy in your hand, but appears very fragile. Why would a member of the Shadow Council have such a thing? Perhaps there is something within Jaedenar that this strange key unlocks.","Search through Jaedenar to discover what the Blood Red Key is used for.","The key, you've found it! Please, give it to me and I can finally escape!","","","","",""
5203,"Rescue From Jaedenar","But, as much as it pains me, there is one thing that must be done first: I have to find Trey's sword Lightforge and escape Shadow Hold to tell my superiors what's happening here. Can you help me, $N?$B$BOur equipment isn't far from here, and you've already proven you can survive the path to the top.$B$BAfter we escape, I'll head to Darnassus if you can find my friend Jessir near the Ashenvale border. She was to meet us at the Emerald Circle's camp near there.$B$BWhat do you say, $N? Can you help me again?","Escort Arko'narin to where Lightforge and her equipment are being held, and then protect her as you escape Shadow Hold. Afterwards, seek out Jessir Moonbow in Felwood to let her know what's happened to her friends.","You were the one who helped Arko escape? I'm so glad you found me. She passed by here not too long ago on her way to Darnassus. She had Lightforge in tow and wouldn't even take time to speak to the druids to be healed. She said it was far too urgent.$B$BBut she did tell me about your encounter with Trey's spirit. What a terrible fate for a Knight of the Silver Hand. She didn't show it, but I know it's tearing her up inside, the thought of losing one of her closest friends.","Protect Arko'narin out of Shadow Hold","","","",""
5204,"Retribution of the Light","She would like to pretend that she's fine. She'd love for me to think that she's strong enough to deal with all of this on her own, but I know better than that. Trey's death and hearing the torture he was put through is going to haunt her for a long time, and there's nothing we can do to stop that. But we can give her some peace!$B$B$N, return to Shadow Hold, kill Trey's torturer and find his remains. There is no reason we can't tie off all these loose ends while Arko'narin mourns in her own private way.","Return to Jaedenar and kill the succubus Rakaiah before finding the Remains of Trey Lightforge.","You gather the paladin's remains as carefully as you can, recalling that at least his spirit has been released from any pain or suffering that might have been forced upon him.","","","","",""
5206,"Marauders of Darrowshire","Chromie said the relics you gathered are reagents to a powerful spell, and one more is required: skulls from the scourge who took part in the battle of Darrowshire.$B$BTake this crystal and hunt scourge champions for their skulls.  The crystal is enchanted; if a champion took part in the battle, then when you pass the crystal over its skull it will resonate.  Bring me those resonating skulls.$B$BGo, $N.  You'll find scourge champions in the Noxious Glade to the north and the Fungal Vale to the west.","Bring 5 Resonating Skulls and the Mystic Crystal to Carlin Redpath in Eastern Plaguelands.","You found them! Wonderful!$b$bAlthough I don't fully understand how they can help us, I feel their power and I know in my bones that they are linked to my home village of Darrowshire.","","","","",""
5210,"Brother Carlin","The Annals of Darrowshire, through my magic, has gained pages at its end, and now it extends its history beyond the battle.  One of the extra passages tells of another Redpath, Carlin, who survived Joseph's betrayal.  Carlin's now in the Plaguelands to the east, at the Light's Hope Chapel.$B$BTake the book and speak with him.","Bring the Extended Annals of Darrowshire to Carlin Redpath in Eastern Plaguelands.","What is this book?  The Annals of Darrowshire?  That was my home before the war... my home before the battle that destroyed it!  Why did you bring me this book?$B$BBut look here!  At the end there are pages that tell tales of the days beyond the battle!  Here is a passage about me!  And one about my brother Joseph!  Is this book true?$B$BWe must discover the truth!","","","","",""
5211,"Defenders of Darrowshire","Many of the defenders fell at the battle of Darrowshire.  And many roam again as the ghastly servants of the Scourge!  Find these poor souls and end their misery!$B$BHunt cannibal ghouls, gibbering ghouls and diseased flayers.  Many of these fiends were once the good folk of Darrowshire and destroying their forms now will set their souls free.$B$BYou will find them in Plaguewood and Corin's Crossing, and in other Scourge strongholds of Eastern Plaguelands.","Free 15 Darrowshire Spirits and return to Carlin Redpath.","It is good to hear you found the tortured souls of my brethren and freed them.  My heart will weep less, knowing at least some of the defenders of Darrowshire no longer wallow in the vile subservience of the Scourge.","","Darrowshire Spirits Freed","","",""
5212,"The Flesh Does Not Lie","The Forsaken apothecaries are not the only beings in this world schooled in the sciences.$B$BI have been studying the plague for years, $r. We had previously thought that the potency of the plague was dwindling, but what I have discovered here in the Plaguelands is startling. The plague seems to be growing in strength!$B$BI need to run more tests! The most potent source of the plague is from the tainted flesh of the most recently infected. Travel to Stratholme and bring me samples, $N.\
","Recover 20 Plagued Flesh Samples from Stratholme and return them to Betina Bigglezink. You suspect that any creature in Stratholme would have said flesh sample.","There is something that has changed in the chemical structure of the plague's active agents. More data is required.","","","","",""
5213,"The Active Agent","You will have to delve deeper into Stratholme, $N.$B$BBeyond the first gates you will find the ziggurats. We know that the Scourge draws great power from these structures. Search the Ziggurats and return with any information that you may discover.\
","Travel to Stratholme and search the ziggurats. Find and return new Scourge Data to Betina Bigglezink.\
","Astonishing! This will take months to dissect and analyze. The Argent Dawn thanks you for your efforts, $N.$B$BWith our blessing, take your pick between either this Seal of the Dawn or this Rune of the Dawn.  You can use either of them instead of a standard Argent Dawn Commission to collect scourgestones on our behalf.  Should you lose yours, speak with me and I'll get you a replacement.","","","","",""
5214,"The Great Fras Siabi","Terrible thing... what happened to Fras. You see, the town was sacked and Fras didn't want to leave his precious goods behind. The last thing I remember him saying was, 'I'll burn every last leaf before they get their damned, dirty hands on them!'$B$BI may love a good stogie but I'm no fool. I left Fras and his delightful store that day. I assume he went down in flames but if there's a chance that even one box of his famous tobacco is still intact...$B$BWhat do you say, $N? Find a box for ol' Smokey?","Find Fras Siabi's smoke shop in Stratholme and recover a box of Siabi's Premium Tobacco. Return to Smokey LaRue when the job is done.\
","Oh sweet, sweet stogie, how I have missed you...","","","","",""
5215,"The Scourge Cauldrons","Within the lands of former Lordaeron are eight cauldrons - four here in the west, and four more ensconced in the east.  These cauldrons spew poisons into the air, propagating the plague throughout the land for the Scourge.$B$BThe necromantic might of Kel'Thuzad is too strong to outright shut down these cauldrons, but we think we might have a way to subvert them to our advantage.  My second, High Priestess MacDonnell, will be your point on this assignment; she'll continue the briefing from here.","Speak with High Priestess MacDonnell at Chillwind Point, Western Plaguelands.","May the power of the Light shine upon you in these dark times, $c.  I am pleased to serve as your coordinator for our plan to sabotage the Scourge's cauldrons.$B$BOur goal will be to change the composition of the plague that the cauldrons create into something that negatively affects the Scourge.  In order to affect this change, you will need to secure access to each of the four cauldrons present in the Western Plaguelands.$B$BStand ready hero, for a glorious battle against the vile Scourge awaits you!","","","","",""
5216,"Target: Felstone Field","Of the four cauldrons here in the west, the one located at Felstone Field may be the easiest one in obtaining access to.  The Scourge have greener troops positioned here, though they should not be underestimated.$B$BGo to Felstone Field, northwest of Andorhal, and engage the cauldron lord there.  We think it has a key that will unlock access to the cauldron.  When unlocked, use this bottle to obtain a sample of the poisons inside the cauldron; we'll need it for study in developing a counter agent.","Go to Felstone Field in Western Plaguelands to locate and defeat the Cauldron Lord present there.  It may have a key that will allow access to the cauldron.  You must have the Empty Felstone Field Bottle with you to secure a sample of the poisons used inside the cauldron.","The key taken from Cauldron Lord Bilemaw is a perfect fit in unlocking the access panel.  A foul stench emanates from the opened panel as an unknown mix of concentrated substances swirl inside the cauldron.$B$BThere is a small spigot that the bottle fits well enough under, allowing you to draw a sample for High Priestess MacDonnell back at Chillwind Point.","","","","",""
5217,"Return to Chillwind Camp","You fill the bottle with enough of the cauldron's poisonous concoction for a suitable sample to be studied.$B$BWith the poison in hand, it is time to return to High Priestess MacDonnell at Chillwind Camp to complete the mission.","Bring the Filled Felstone Field Bottle to High Priestess MacDonnell at Chillwind Camp, Western Plaguelands.","Well done $N - it should take Alchemist Arbington no time at all to analyze this and devise a counter agent to introduce into the cauldron.  If we are able to pump out enough of it into the air, we might be able to weaken all the Scourge present here.$B$BThis will no doubt be an ongoing ordeal; we will need to continually hit these cauldrons and introduce our reagents into their mix.  Still, if we can keep it up, we will have a huge advantage over Scourge when the time comes for battle!","","","","",""
5218,"Felstone Field Cauldron","","","Adding the reagents to the cauldron's mix begins to change the color and texture of the cloud it spews forth.  Scourge that are even remotely near the cauldron appear to recoil at the introduction of the new components into the environment.","","","","",""
5219,"Target: Dalson's Tears","One of the plague cauldrons is located in the field of a former farmhouse now referred to as Dalson's Tears.  Well, we shall shed no tears this day as we thwart the Scourge and have them choke on their own fumes!$B$BGo to Dalson's Tears, almost due north of Andorhal, and eliminate the cauldron lord there.  It should have a key like the last one did, allowing you into the cauldron.  Use this bottle to obtain a sample from inside the cauldron; each cauldron has its own distinct brew of toxins it uses.","Go to Dalson's Tears in Western Plaguelands to locate and defeat the Cauldron Lord present there, and use its key to gain access to the cauldron.  You must have the Empty Dalson's Tears Bottle with you to secure a sample of the poisons used inside the cauldron.","The macabre key found on the cauldron lord easily slides into a keyhole and then disappears, allowing you permanent access to it.  Crude, viscous ichors pulsate through twisted tubes within the cauldrons underpinnings.$B$BThere is a small spigot that the bottle fits well enough under, allowing you to draw a sample for High Priestess MacDonnell back at Chillwind Point.","","","","",""
5220,"Return to Chillwind Camp","You carefully fill the bottle with enough of the cauldron's ichors for what you consider to be suitably sized sample.$B$BWith the poison in hand, it is time to return to High Priestess MacDonnell at Chillwind Camp to complete the mission.","Bring the Filled Dalson's Tears Bottle to High Priestess MacDonnell at Chillwind Camp, Western Plaguelands.","Ah, there is plenty in here for study.  Well done, $N!$B$BFor now, the next step is in our hands.  We'll need to produce a list of reagents that, when combined with what is already in the cauldron, will act as its counter.$B$BThe only way we will be able to introduce this is by placing the reagents into the cauldron directly.  Alchemist Arbington will have more information on that, so be sure to speak with him at your earliest convenience.","","","","",""
5221,"Dalson's Tears Cauldron","","","Adding the reagents to the cauldron's mix begins to change the color and texture of the cloud it spews forth. Scourge that are even remotely near the cauldron appear to recoil at the introduction of the new components into the environment.","","","","",""
5222,"Target: Writhing Haunt","Two cauldrons have been successfully opened; while you will be able to access them indefinitely, we still want to open up the other two that remain.  This will provide all of us with more options to introduce the counter agent!$B$BThis time, you'll be hitting the Writhing Haunt's cauldron.  It is almost due east of Andorhal, relatively close to the ruined city walls; again, eliminate the cauldron lord present there for its key.  Use this bottle to obtain the sample from the cauldron.$B$BGood hunting, $N!","Go to the Writhing Haunt in Western Plaguelands to locate and defeat the Cauldron Lord present there, and use its key to gain access to the cauldron.  You must have the Empty Writhing Haunt Bottle with you to secure a sample of the poisons used inside the cauldron.","The cauldron lord's key unlocks the access panel to this cauldron and then disappears, much like the other keys have for the previous two cauldrons you've dealt of.  A putrid smelling substance churns violently beneath the platform of the cauldron.$B$BThere is a small spigot that the bottle fits well enough under, allowing you to draw a sample for High Priestess MacDonnell back at Chillwind Point.","","","","",""
5223,"Return to Chillwind Camp","You delicately top off the empty bottle; a sample of the foul substance that churns under the platform of the cauldron now oozes back and forth inside the fragile glass container.$B$BWith the poison in hand, it is time to return to High Priestess MacDonnell at Chillwind Camp to complete the mission.","Bring the Filled Writhing Haunt Bottle to High Priestess MacDonnell at Chillwind Camp, Western Plaguelands.","Another finely executed mission, $N!  This makes three cauldrons available to us to turn against the Scourge.  If Kel'Thuzad's necromantic dominance over these lands wasn't as strong as it currently is, I'd dare say you'd shut them down completely!$B$BAlchemist Arbington will have a report on what this cauldron - as well as the other cauldrons subverted - will require to deliver our counter agent to the plague.  With that, the time has come to bring the last cauldron of the west under our influence!","","","","",""
5224,"Writhing Haunt Cauldron","","","Adding the reagents to the cauldron's mix begins to change the color and texture of the cloud it spews forth. Scourge that are even remotely near the cauldron appear to recoil at the introduction of the new components into the environment.","","","","",""
5225,"Target: Gahrron's Withering","The last cauldron that remains is located on a farm now called Gahrron's Withering.  It is guarded by some of the Scourge's tougher minions - specifically, wraiths and ghosts.  They are not to be trifled with, $N.$B$BGahrron's Withering is due northeast of our position here, close to where the Eastern Plaguelands begin; again, eliminate the cauldron lord present there for its key.  Here is your empty sample bottle; bring it to me filled.  May the Light protect you in this dangerous mission, $c.","Go to Gahrron's Withering in Western Plaguelands to locate and defeat the Cauldron Lord present there, and use its key to gain access to the cauldron.  You must have the Empty Gahrron's Withering Bottle with you to secure a sample of the poisons used inside the cauldron.","Cauldron Lord Soulwrath's key disintegrates as it touches the lock on the access panel at the base of the cauldron's platform.  A slight clanking noise is heard within, and the access panel swings open to reveal more viscous toxins within the cauldron's framework.$B$BThere is a small spigot that the bottle fits well enough under, allowing you to draw a sample for High Priestess MacDonnell back at Chillwind Point.","","","","",""
5226,"Return to Chillwind Camp","You carefully close the spigot in the control panel, watching the cauldron's putrid ichors drip into the empty bottle.$B$BWith the poison in hand, it is time to return to High Priestess MacDonnell at Chillwind Camp to complete the mission.","Bring the Filled Gahrron's Withering Bottle to High Priestess MacDonnell at Chillwind Camp, Western Plaguelands.","Congratulations $N, you've unlocked the last cauldron for us!  Alchemist Arbington will soon know what this cauldron requires as far as reagents needed for the mix.$B$BAs for you, I am sure that Commander Valorfist will want to thank you personally for the assistance you've given us.  Without you, our struggle against the Scourge would have been nearly insurmountable.  Thank you, hero!","","","","",""
5227,"Gahrron's Withering Cauldron","","","Adding the reagents to the cauldron's mix begins to change the color and texture of the cloud it spews forth. Scourge that are even remotely near the cauldron appear to recoil at the introduction of the new components into the environment.","","","","",""
5228,"The Scourge Cauldrons","Within the lands of former Lordaeron are eight cauldrons - four in the west, and four more entrenched in the east.  These cauldrons spew poisons into the air, propagating the plague throughout the land for the Scourge.$B$BThe necromantic might of Kel'Thuzad is too strong to outright shut down these cauldrons, but we think we might have a way to subvert them to our advantage.  My second, Shadow Priestess Vandis, will be your point on this assignment; she'll continue the briefing from here.","Speak with Shadow Priestess Vandis at the Bulwark, Western Plaguelands.","From the shadows, brother $R, I bid you greetings. I am to serve as your coordinator for our plan to sabotage the Scourge's cauldrons.$B$BOur goal will be to change the composition of the plague that the cauldrons create into something that negatively affects the Scourge. In order to affect this change, you will need to secure access to each of the four cauldrons here in the Western Plaguelands.$B$BThe time has come for you to lead the charge against the Scourge, hero.","","","","",""
5229,"Target: Felstone Field","Of the four cauldrons in the Western Plaguelands, the one at Felstone Field may be the easiest one to gain access to.  The Scourge have greener troops positioned here, though they should not be underestimated.$B$BGo to Felstone Field, due east of here and northwest of Andorhal, and engage the cauldron lord there.  On it is a key that will unlock access to the cauldron.  When unlocked, use this bottle to get a sample of the cauldron's toxins; we'll need it for study in developing a counter agent.","Go to Felstone Field in Western Plaguelands to locate and defeat the Cauldron Lord present there.  It may have a key that will allow access to the cauldron.  You must have the Empty Felstone Field Bottle with you to secure a sample of the poisons used inside the cauldron.","The key taken from Cauldron Lord Bilemaw is a perfect fit in unlocking the access panel, though it disappears after you use it.  Still, you think you can open the panel now without a key.  A foul stench emanates from the opened panel as an unknown mix of concentrated substances swirl inside the cauldron.
\

\
There is a small spigot that the bottle fits well enough under, allowing you to draw a sample for Shadow Priestess Vandis back at the Bulwark. ","","","","",""
5230,"Return to the Bulwark","You fill the bottle with enough of the cauldron's poisonous concoction for a suitable sample to be studied.$B$BWith the poison in hand, it is time to return to Shadow Priestess Vandis at the Bulwark to complete the mission.","Bring the Filled Felstone Field Bottle to Shadow Priestess Vandis at the Bulwark, Western Plaguelands.","Well done $N - it should take Apothecary Dithers no time at all to analyze this and devise a counter agent to introduce into the cauldron. If we are able to pump out enough of it into the air, we might be able to weaken all the Scourge present here.$b$bThis will no doubt be an ongoing ordeal; we will need to continually hit these cauldrons and introduce our reagents into their mix. Still, if we can keep it up, we will have a huge advantage over Scourge when the time comes for battle!","","","","",""
5231,"Target: Dalson's Tears","One of the plague cauldrons is located in the field of a former farmhouse now referred to as Dalson's Tears.  No tears will be shed this day, $c; we must strike at this cauldron and gain access to it!$B$BGo to Dalson's Tears, almost due north of Andorhal, and eliminate the cauldron lord there.  It should have a key like the last one did, allowing you inside the cauldron's innards.  Use this bottle to obtain a sample from inside the cauldron; each cauldron has its own distinct brew of toxins it uses.","Go to Dalson's Tears in Western Plaguelands to locate and defeat the Cauldron Lord present there, and use its key to gain access to the cauldron.  You must have the Empty Dalson's Tears Bottle with you to secure a sample of the poisons used inside the cauldron.","The skeletal key found on the cauldron lord easily slides into a keyhole and then disappears, allowing you permanent access to it. Crude, viscous ichors pulsate through twisted tubes within the cauldrons underpinnings.$b$bThere is a small spigot that the bottle fits well enough under, allowing you to draw a sample for Shadow Priestess Vandis back at the Bulwark.","","","","",""
5232,"Return to the Bulwark","You carefully fill the bottle with enough of the cauldron's ichors for what you consider to be suitably sized sample.$B$BWith the poison in hand, it is time to return to Shadow Priestess Vandis at the Bulwark to complete the mission.","Bring the Filled Dalson's Tears Bottle to Shadow Priestess Vandis at the Bulwark, Western Plaguelands.","Ah, there is plenty in here for study. Well done, $N!$b$bFor now, the next step is in our hands. We'll need to produce a list of reagents that, when combined with what is already in the cauldron, will act as its counter.$b$bThe only way we will be able to introduce this is by placing the reagents into the cauldron directly. Apothecary Dithers will have more information on that, so be sure to speak with him as soon as possible.","","","","",""
5233,"Target: Writhing Haunt","Two cauldrons have been successfully opened; while you'll be able to access them indefinitely, we still want to open up the other two that remain.  This will provide all of us with more options to introduce the counter agent!$B$BThis time, you'll be hitting the Writhing Haunt's cauldron.  It is almost due east of Andorhal, relatively close to the ruined city walls; again, eliminate the cauldron lord present there for its key.  Use this bottle to obtain the sample from the cauldron.$B$BGood hunting, $N!","Go to the Writhing Haunt in Western Plaguelands to locate and defeat the Cauldron Lord present there, and use its key to gain access to the cauldron.  You must have the Empty Writhing Haunt Bottle with you to secure a sample of the poisons used inside the cauldron.","The cauldron lord's key unlocks the access panel to this cauldron and then disappears, much like the other keys have for the previous ones you've dealt of.  A putrid smelling substance churns violently beneath the platform of the cauldron.
\

\
There is a small spigot that the bottle fits well enough under, allowing you to draw a sample for Shadow Priestess Vandis back at the Bulwark. ","","","","",""
5234,"Return to the Bulwark","You delicately top off the empty bottle; a sample of the foul substance that churns under the platform of the cauldron now oozes back and forth inside the fragile glass container.$B$BWith the poison in hand, it is time to return to Shadow Priestess Vandis at the Bulwark to complete the mission.","Bring the Filled Writhing Haunt Bottle to Shadow Priestess Vandis at The Bulwark, Western Plaguelands.","Another finely executed mission, $N! This makes three cauldrons available to us to turn against the Scourge. If Kel'Thuzad's necromantic dominance over these lands wasn't as strong as it currently is, I'd dare say you'd shut them down completely!$b$bApothecary Dithers will have a report on what this cauldron - as well as the other cauldrons subverted - will require to deliver our counter agent to the plague. With that, the time has come to bring the last cauldron of the west under our influence!","","","","",""
5235,"Target: Gahrron's Withering","The last cauldron that remains is located on a farm now called Gahrron's Withering.  It is guarded by some of the Scourge's tougher minions - specifically, wraiths and ghosts.  They are not to be trifled with, $N.$B$BGahrron's Withering is far to the east of the Bulwark, close to where the Eastern Plaguelands begin; again, eliminate the cauldron lord present there for its key.  Here is your empty sample bottle; bring it to me filled.  May the shadows cloak you in safety for this dangerous mission, $c.","Go to Gahrron's Withering in Western Plaguelands to locate and defeat the Cauldron Lord present there, and use its key to gain access to the cauldron.  You must have the Empty Gahrron's Withering Bottle with you to secure a sample of the poisons used inside the cauldron.","Cauldron Lord Soulwrath's key disintegrates as it touches the lock on the access panel at the base of the cauldron's platform. A slight clanking noise is heard within, and the access panel swings open to reveal more viscous toxins within the cauldron's framework.$b$bThere is a small spigot that the bottle fits well enough under, allowing you to draw a sample for Shadow Priestess Vandis back at the Bulwark.","","","","",""
5236,"Return to the Bulwark","You carefully close the spigot in the control panel, watching the cauldron's putrid ichors drip into the empty bottle.$B$BWith the poison in hand, it is time to return to Shadow Priestess Vandis at the Bulwark to complete the mission.","Bring the Filled Gahrron's Withering Bottle to Shadow Priestess Vandis at the Bulwark, Western Plaguelands.","Congratulations $N, you've unlocked the last cauldron for us! Apothecary Dithers will soon know what this cauldron requires as far as reagents needed for the mix.$b$bAs for you, I am sure that High Executor Derrington will want to thank you personally for the assistance you've given us. Without you, our struggle against the Scourge would have been nearly insurmountable. I thank you, mighty $C.","","","","",""
5237,"Mission Accomplished!","","","$N, your successful re-engineering of the cauldrons is a tremendous victory for us!$B$B<The commander clears his throat and begins to bellow loudly.>$B$BLet all within my presence hear: for service to the Kingdom of Stormwind and to the Alliance above and beyond the call of duty - in the face of overwhelming odds and incredible danger, might I add - I give $N this, and I extend upon $Ghis:her; our undying gratitude as a true hero of the Alliance. Cheers, I say!","","","","",""
5238,"Mission Accomplished!","","","$N, your successful re-engineering of the cauldrons is a tremendous victory for us!$B$B<The commander clears his throat and begins to bellow loudly.>$B$BLet all within my presence hear: for service to the Kingdom of Stormwind and to the Alliance above and beyond the call of duty - in the face of overwhelming odds and incredible danger, might I add - I give $N this, and I extend upon $g him : her; our undying gratitude as a true hero of the Alliance.  Cheers, I say!","","","","",""
5241,"Uncle Carlin","Sometimes, when it's nighttime, I can hear my Uncle Carlin crying.  It sounds like he's far away, to the east.$B$BI hope he's not crying for me!  $N, will you find my uncle and tell him I'm alright?$B$BIf you find him say I'm waiting for him, and I want to hear the story he used to tell... the one about the rabbits and the berry jam!  That story's so funny!","Find Carlin Redpath.","You've seen Pamela?  She's alive?$B$BShe's dead?  No!  Oh, Pamela!  Why does your spirit still suffer in this world.  Why are you perished, while fortune keeps me alive?  In an instant I would switch places with you and wander dead Darrowshire, a ghost and alone!$B$BAh, but this news cannot change fate.  Thank you, $N.  Now my duty, my duty to revenge, burns hot as ever.  ","","","","",""
5242,"A Final Blow","Unfortunately, I see the only way to stop this threat to Felwood is a frontal attack. There are no other ways into Shadow Hold, and I have no means to teleport you inside. The straight path down to the bottom is the only way... and I also know who you should seek out. His name is Fel'dan... Shadow Lord Fel'dan. He is the mortal in power down below... he is the head of the serpent. Kill him and his two succubus servants and return to me. Fel'dan is the one making pacts with the Legion. He must be stopped.","Kill Moora and Salia, and bring Shadow Lord Fel'dan's Head to Greta Mosshoof in Felwood.","Earthmother be praised, $N! Thank you! This is a great day, indeed!$B$BThe Shadow Council will be hard pressed to scale to the same levels of power they once held with this blow to their hierarchy. You have done a great thing this day!","","","","",""
5243,"Houses of the Holy","I look at my undeath as a malady, $r. An illness that merely requires treatment; however, it is also a great blessing for the Argent Dawn. What better vessel to smite the heathens of the Scourge than through the undead?$B$BI am revered by my colleagues because of the sacrifices I have made, but the accolades mean nothing to me.$B$BIf you are interested in assisting the Argent Dawn, then a job I can offer.$B$BVenture to Stratholme and recover our surplus of holy water. Search the supply crates.\
","Travel to Stratholme, in the north. Search the supply crates that litter the city and recover 5 Stratholme Holy Water. Return to Leonid Barthalomew the Revered when you have collected enough of the blessed fluid.","Well done, $R. You have proven that while you are tolerant of others, you will stop at nothing to destroy the minions of Kel'Thuzad.","","","","",""
5244,"The Ruins of Kel'Theril","The story behind Kel'Theril is one of a cursed race, bound to the place where they attempted an unfortunate ritual...$B$BThe highborne that you will find there once stole a sacred artifact, believing that they could siphon its power for themselves, becoming even more powerful. In their efforts, the relic shattered in a huge explosion, driving the pieces below the ice of the lake...$B$BSpeak with Jaron Stoneshaper if you'd like to learn more; he has recently visited the area and can tell you more.","Speak with Jaron Stoneshaper in Starfall Village.","Well, sure, I can tell you more about Kel'Theril. Mind you now, I'm no historian, but I can tell ya about what I saw there...","","","","",""
5245,"Troubled Spirits of Kel'Theril","The highborne spirits are miserable creatures, that's for sure. They are still searching for pieces of the very thing that has cursed them to Kel'Theril forever -- the stolen relic.$B$BIf you are that interested, take my pick and go south to the lake, see if you can gather the pieces of it from within the ice.$B$BNow, I can't tell you a thing about what you find, but I do know of someone who might... Aurora Skycaller; she dwells near the Northpass Tower in the northern part of Eastern Plaguelands.","Use Jaron's Pick to find the four Highborne Relic Fragments. Bring them to Aurora Skycaller in Eastern Plaguelands.","The past of the high elves is something that I do not wish to discuss, $N. Please, it pains me to think of all that has happened... And that there is no way to make things right.","","","","",""
5246,"Fragments of the Past","I did not realize... Forgive my callous words, $c.$B$BThe mistakes of my ancestors are not what I wish to dwell on, but if your request is truly genuine, then I will help you.$B$B<Aurora examines the fragments.>$B$BI believe this is the Crystal of Zin-Malor, an artifact that can contain and control strong arcane forces. It could have been used for good, but the evil intentions of those that stole it caused it to shatter.$B$BGo to the Temple of Zin-Malor in Azshara - I can only hope the book is still there.","Find the Sacred Highborne Writings in the Temple of Zin-Malor in Azshara, and bring them to Aurora Skycaller near the Northpass Tower in Eastern Plaguelands.","The pages have gone untouched for many many years...","","","","",""
5247,"Fragments of the Past","I will be able to help you, if recreating the artifact is truly what you wish to do.$B$BTo seal the pieces back together, I will need items with strong magical qualities. An enchanted thorium bar and five crystal restore... You'll also need to collect some water from what might seem an unlikely place... Find the dire pool along Eldreth Row at Dire Maul in Feralas, and fill this vial.$B$BWhile you are gone, I will attempt to glean from these pages the knowledge I need to repair the damage done to the relic.","Bring an Enchanted Thorium Bar, 5 Crystal Restore, and a Vial of Dire Water to Aurora Skycaller near the Northpass Tower in Eastern Plaguelands.","Using these elements, I can fuse the fragments together... to hopefully what they once were.","","","","",""
5248,"Tormented By the Past","$N, I weep for what has happened in the past. Like this crystal, the elves, as a race, have been shattered. I do not know if the pieces will ever again be reunited into one, but my sorrow has been eased by being able to help you with this one small task. $B$BWe must not forget the past, $N...$B$BPlease take the Crystal of Zin-Malor back to Lake Kel'Theril. You must find a highborne spirit that realizes the error of what was done so long ago. Show the spirit that we have made things right again.","Take the Crystal of Zin-Malor to Lake Kel'Theril in Winterspring and find a highborne spirit that will speak to you.","Pleeease, leeeave meeeeee...","","","","",""
5249,"To Winterspring!","In Winterspring, to the north of here, there are many ancient elven ruins. It's a harsh land, but it holds many secrets and places to explore.$B$BWith all my work to do here in Felwood, I have not had the opportunity to travel to Winterspring. But there's no reason why you shouldn't!$B$BWhile you're there, look for Wynd Nightchaser. He spends most of his time in Starfall Village and he knows a lot about the area.","Find Starfall Village in Winterspring and speak with Wynd Nightchaser.","A friend of Ivy Leafrunner? Nice to meet you, $N.","","","","",""
5250,"Starfall","In Winterspring, to the north of Felwood, there are many ancient elven ruins. It's a harsh land, but it holds many secrets and places to explore.$B$BMy studies here keep me so busy that I have not had the opportunity to travel to Winterspring for some time. But there's no reason why you shouldn't travel there and study the ruins.$B$BWhile you're there, look for Wynd Nightchaser. He spends most of his time in Starfall and he knows a lot about the area.$B$BTell him that you are a student of mine...","Find Starfall in Winterspring and speak with Wynd Nightchaser.","A student of Daryn Lightwind? Nice to meet you, $N.","","","","",""
5251,"The Archivist","Anything taken to an extreme is hazardous to our world, $N. Take for example, the Scarlet Crusade. Do you believe that their blind zealotry serves a greater good? How many innocents have they destroyed in the name of the Light?$B$BBlasphemers, one and all!$B$BOne in particular interests me, though; the Archivist Galford of Stratholme: A man that watches over the Crusade's most valued documents. Destroy him and burn down his archives! Should you succeed, return to me and be rewarded.","Travel to Stratholme and find Archivist Galford of the Scarlet Crusade. Destroy him and burn down the Scarlet Archive.","Outstanding, $N! Years of intelligence, lost! The Scarlet Crusade will surely feel this blow in the coming weeks.","","","Archive Burned","",""
5252,"Remorseful Highborne","The... the crystal...$B$BThe highborne here are clouded by their own misssery...$B$BI am sorrrrrowful, but I realize the errorrrr of what happened so long ago. Even though there is no waaaay to change the past, I am now at peacccce knowing that you have recovered the crystal of Zin-Malor...$B$BYouuu must return it...$B$BIt muuuussst be returrrned.","Speak with Wynd Nightchaser in Starfall Village, and ask about the proper place for the Crystal of Zin-Malor.","Is that... what I think it is?","","","","",""
5253,"The Crystal of Zin-Malor","Quite impressive, $N.$B$BThe crystal of Zin-Malor can never be returned to the temple which, as you know, lies in ruin. But I believe that your effort to undo the evil of the past should not go unrewarded.$B$BSeek out Arch Druid Fandral Staghelm in Darnassus, and bring the crystal to him, $N. It should be in the hands of those that will not abuse its power. From the looks of it, only a handful of the strongest magic users would be able to control such a power. ","Deliver the Crystal of Zin-Malor to Arch Druid Fandral Staghelm in Darnassus.","I have heard of the Crystal of Zin-Malor; the user of the crystal becomes capable of incredible arcane power, but only if truly worthy. I am impressed that you not only recovered the crystal, but you also realize your own limits, and did not attempt to use the crystal yourself.$B$BThank you for bringing it to me, $N. We will keep it safe, and may the cursed sprits that once guarded the shattered crystal finally be at peace.","","","","",""
5261,"Eagan Peltskinner","Eagan Peltskinner is looking for someone to hunt wolves for him.  That's good news, because we're seeing a lot more wolves in Northshire Valley lately.$B$BIf you're interested then speak with Eagan.  He's around the side of the abbey, to the left.","Speak with Eagan Peltskinner.","That's true.  I'm looking for someone to hunt me some wolves!  Are you that person?","","","","",""
5262,"The Truth Comes Crashing Down","You try and gather your thoughts as the dust settles across the chamber. You go over the events that just transpired and still cannot comprehend the gravity of the situation.$B$BThe Grand Crusader of the Scarlet Crusade a demon? And not just any demon but brother to Varimathras, arch lord of the Undercity?$B$BYou carefully stow the severed head of the dreadlord into your pack. Surely, none would believe the tale you would tell without proof.$B$BDuke Nicholas Zverenhoff must be told at once!","Take the Head of Balnazzar to Duke Nicholas Zverenhoff in the Eastern Plaguelands.","What will this mean to the Crusade? Could it be possible that they have been under the control of this demon? Unwittingly serving as the pawns to a greater evil?","","","","",""
5263,"Above and Beyond","You display a natural aptitude for destruction and you follow orders. It is rare to see the two coexist. I am beginning to think that you may make an excellent vehicle of divine justice.$B$B<Zverenhoff clasps his hands together in front of his face.>$B$BKel'Thuzad's errand boy rules over Stratholme. Prove to me that you are a champion - my champion. Destroy Baron Rivendare and return to me with his head. \
","Venture to Stratholme and destroy Baron Rivendare. Take his head and return to Duke Nicholas Zverenhoff.\
","It has been many years since I have ushered a champion into our ranks. You are the first to be granted audience with Lord Maxwell in years.","","","","",""
5264,"Lord Maxwell Tyrosus","I am about to bestow a great honor upon you, $N.$B$BLord Maxwell wishes to reward you for your service to the Argent Dawn!$B$BIt has been years since Maxwell has granted audience to outsiders.\
","Speak with Lord Maxwell Tyrosus. He is inside the church.","You are a worthy ally, $N. You shall reap the rewards of your stalwart dedication.","","","","",""
5265,"The Argent Hold","Through the years the Argent Hold has remained locked. None have been worthy to reach inside and take from it the power of the Argent Dawn - until today.$B$BThe Argent Hold is now open to you, $N.","Open the Argent Hold and claim your reward.","Whoa...","","","","",""
5281,"The Restless Souls","There are those that died tragically in the fall of Stratholme. Many took their own lives, opting to hurl themselves into the myriad flames of the smoldering city rather than become one of the Scourge.$B$BThey now walk the streets of Stratholme as restless spirits.$B$BWe must aid them, $N!$B$BI have an associate named Egan who has been doing miraculous work with ghosts and souls. Seek him out. He walks the eastern Plaguelands, near Stratholme, testing his innovations.","Find Egan. You only know that he was last seen around Stratholme.","Alen has finally found someone brave enough, eh?","","","","",""
5282,"The Restless Souls","I draw my power - my will to continue living and breathing - from the unmitigated hatred I have for the Scourge and all that they have done. I am, however, no zealot. There are those, like the Scarlet Crusade, who would sooner destroy the innocent undead than lend them even an ounce of compassion.$B$BWhich brings me to this: My blaster. It will unchain the tortured souls from Stratholme.$B$BUse it on the ghosts that haunt the ransacked streets. Free their souls.","Use Egan's Blaster on the ghostly and spectral citizens of Stratholme. When the restless souls break free from their ghostly shells, use the blaster again - freedom will be theirs!$B$BFree 15 Restless Souls and return to Egan.","<Egan wipes a tear from his eye.>$B$BDid you see my mother, $N? Did you free her?$B$BYou are a shining example of decency. For your troubles...\
","","Souls Freed","","",""
5283,"The Art of the Armorsmith","So ye made the smart decision.$B$BThere ain't no love lost betwixt me an old Ironus here. That good for nothing toy maker knows who the true craftsmen round here be.$B$BThe truly great wars are won with a good defense. When it be go time, no offense is gonna be helping ye out.$B$BRight, so let's get to work. All ye need to do is show me that ye've got some raw talent. After that, I'll yank whatever impurities be left in ye and mold ye into an armorsmith. Ye do know how to make ornate mithril, don't ye?","To become an Armorsmith, you must make the following items and return them to Grumnus: 4 Ornate Mithril Helms, 2 Ornate Mithril Boots, 1 Ornate Mithril Breastplate.","This be it, $N. After this, there ain't no way to turn back. It's not too late to become a toy maker, er, weaponsmith.$B$BI trust ye'll make the right decision.","","","","",""
5284,"The Way of the Weaponsmith","As a weaponsmith you'll find that more often than not, heroes and adventurers will be coming to you for gear. While the workload can be unbearable at times, the riches more than make up for the back strain and ash lung.$B$BOh yes, $N, weaponsmiths are the ones with all the gold!$B$BIf you wish to join our ranks, you'll need to show me that you can make me a silver or two - I mean, show me that you've got what it takes to be the go to $g guy:girl; when people need superior quality weapons. Get to work!","To become a Weaponsmith, you must make the following items and return them to Ironus: 4 Moonsteel Broadswords, 4 Massive Iron Axes, 2 Heavy Mithril Axes, and 2 Big Black Maces.\
","About time! I've got customers waiting.$B$BGive those here and pay attention. You're going to take the first step in your career as a weaponsmith.","","","","",""
5301,"The Art of the Armorsmith","Satisfaction. It is what I draw from the hammer and the anvil. To see a proud Horde warrior protected under my steel reminds me of what it is to be alive. It is an addiction that I dare never give up, $N.$B$BI can not grant you this satisfaction, merely set you upon the path. As with all of life's endeavors, the path of the armorsmith is a journey.$B$BIf you wish to be one of the select few, you need only to ask and I shall train, but, a task you must first complete.","To become an armorsmith, you must make the following items and return them to Okothos: 4 Ornate Mithril Helms, 2 Ornate Mithril Boots, 1 Ornate Mithril Breastplate.","This is the final step before you begin your new career as an armorsmith, $N. Should you choose to back out, now would be your last chance. Otherwise, prepare yourself for a lifetime of glory.","","","","",""
5302,"The Way of the Weaponsmith","One day, I will create a legendary hammer. A hammer fit for a Warchief!$B$BIt is my life's work, $N. My passion. I recognize that you have the potential to be among us, one of us - a weaponsmith. I am the one that can help you harness that potential.$B$BA simple task is all that you must complete. Simple for one of your exceptional skill. ","To become a Weaponsmith, you must make the following items and return them to Borgosh: 4 Moonsteel Broadswords, 4 Massive Iron Axes, 2 Heavy Mithril Axes, and 2 Big Black Maces.\
","This is the final step before you begin your new career as a weaponsmith, $N. Should you choose to back out, now would be your last chance. Otherwise, prepare to be consumed by knowledge!","","","","",""
5305,"Sweet Serenity","Within the confines of the Scarlet Bastion lies sweet Serenity. The Crimson Hammersmith guards the recipe with his life. Defeat him and bring me his apron. For that, I shall train you to become a hammersmith.$B$BUnderstand this: Once you have chosen the path of the hammersmith, the paths of the swordsmith and axesmith will no longer be available.\
","Travel to Stratholme and kill the Crimson Hammersmith. Recover the Crimson Hammersmith's Apron and return to Lilith.\
","May you bash in many a brain, $N!","","","","",""
5306,"Snakestone of the Shadow Huntress","Don't let her beauty fool you, $c. The shadow huntress, Vosh'gajin is deadly and deranged.$B$B<Kilram points to the scar on his face.>$B$BAye, she gave me that - a love tap, she called it.$B$BThe time for vengeance has finally come.$B$BYou can find Vosh'gajin in Blackrock Spire. Slay her and return to me with her snakestone. Do this and I will teach you the ways of the axesmith.","Travel to Blackrock Spire and slay Shadow Hunter Vosh'gajin. Recover Vosh'gajin's Snakestone and return to Kilram.","Knowledge is power!","","","","",""
5307,"Corruption","If I am short with you, it is for a reason. The plans for the creation of the great blade, Corruption, have been stolen by the Black Guard: Elite skeletal units of Baron Rivendare.$B$BYes, Baron Rivendare of Stratholme.$B$BThe Black Guard swordsmith now guards those plans with his... undeath.$B$BSlay him and return proof of this deed and I shall train you in the ways of the swordsmith.","Find the Black Guard Swordsmith in Stratholme and destroy him. Recover the Insignia of the Black Guard and return to Seril Scourgebane.","It should be obvious that a sword is always the best choice.","","","","",""
5321,"The Sleeper Has Awakened","I was on my way to Maestra's Post to meet Liladris Moonriver, but I decided to stop here and take a short nap. Ever since I awoke from the emerald dream, I have been so sleepy...$B$B<yawn>$B$BWould you mind showing me the way? I understand that Maestra's Post is south of here, along the road in Ashenvale. It can be dangerous, so I hope you have some friends that will join us.$B$BLastly, I may fall asleep so if you ever need to wake me, please use my horn. You'll find it in the chest here.","Escort Kerlonian Evershade to Liladris Moonriver at Maestra's Post in Ashenvale.","Oh, I am so happy Kerlonian made it! And I'm sure I'll find him sleeping somewhere around here, won't I?$b$bThank you for showing him the way, $N.","Escort Kerlonian Evershade to Maestra's Post","","","",""
5341,"Barov Family Fortune","Within the Scholomance lays the Barov family fortune. I, Alexi Barov, am one of the last two remaining heirs of the house Barov. My brother, Weldon, is the other.$B$BWeldon, the miserable coward, fled during the war and thus retained his worthless existence as a human.$B$BHe now searches for the deeds so that he may claim the fortune for his own. Recover the deeds before my brother does and I shall make you wealthy beyond your wildest dreams!","Venture to the Scholomance and recover the Barov family fortune. Four deeds make up this fortune: The Deed to Caer Darrow; The Deed to Brill; The Deed to Tarren Mill; and The Deed to Southshore. Return to Alexi Barov when you have completed this task.","Excellent work, $R. Now to secure my inheritance...","","","","",""
5342,"The Last Barov","Naturally, with my brother still alive, there may be some contention as to the primary beneficiary of the family's fortune. This cannot be.$B$BA low down guttersnipe like you isn't above a little cold-blooded murder, I hope.$B$BIt's a simple task and one that I expect you will complete; that is, if you wish to claim your reward.$B$BWeldon sits under Alliance protection at Chillwind Camp, to the east. Slay him, return his head.$B$B<Alexi yawns.>$B$BHurry along now.","Travel to Chillwind Camp - Alliance territory - and assassinate Weldon Barov. Take his head and return to Alexi Barov.$B$BBe warned, Weldon will probably be well protected by Alliance scum.","Wonderful! Now only I hold the power and fortune of house Barov!$B$B<Alexi throws a large bag at you.>$B$BAnd keep the change, you filthy animal.","","","","",""
5343,"Barov Family Fortune","My dear brother Alexi. What a fool I was to spare his life. I looked into the face of the enemy, one of the undead, and let him live.$B$B<Weldon spits.>$B$BHe now searches for MY inheritance. This simply cannot happen.$B$BFind my family's deeds before that vile retch gets his boney hands upon them and I shall reward you with vast riches. They lay in the ruins of the Scholomance. Make haste!","Venture to the Scholomance and recover the Barov family fortune. Four deeds make up this fortune: The Deed to Caer Darrow; The Deed to Brill; The Deed to Tarren Mill; and The Deed to Southshore. Return to Weldon Barov when you have completed this task.","There is but one more task that I must ask of you, $N.","","","","",""
5344,"The Last Barov","With the deeds recovered, there is but one thing left to do. Alexi must be killed. With him dead, I need not ever worry about an unscrupulous gang of mercenaries seeking my head.$B$BIt's a simple task. Alexi hides under the protection of the Horde - at the Bulwark.$B$BNo, I do not expect you to just walk up and kill him, I want his head! How you get it... well, that part is up to you. That type of behavior is below one of my noble upbringing.","Travel to the Bulwark - Horde territory - and assassinate Alexi Barov. Take his head and return to Weldon Barov.$B$BBe warned, Alexi will probably be well protected by Horde filth.","A glorious day it is! Finally, the pockmark of house Barov eliminated and my fortune secure!$B$BTake this and leave my sight, peasant.","","","","",""
5361,"Family Tree","My brother Nataka is stationed at Ghost Walker Post over in Desolace. I'd like to ask you... could you give this report to him for me? A year has passed since the last time I wrote, there has been unusual centaur activity since then and he should be informed.$B$BJourney to Stonetalon Mountain north of the Crossroads, and then head west into Charred Vale. From there, head south into Desolace; there you will find a road going south to Ghost Walker Post.","Deliver Cliffwatcher Longhorn Report to Nataka Longhorn at Ghost Walker Post in Desolace.","I know not what connection you have with my brother but it would seem he has trust with you, $C.$B$BI am Nataka Longhorn and would like to welcome you to Ghost Walker Post, we have many needs of a $C! Talk with others, perhaps there is need of you here.","","","","",""
5381,"Hand of Iruxos","The Burning Blade possesses the Demon Box. Within it lies the powerful Hand of Iruxos. The Burning Blade uses it to open demonic portals at Mannoroc Coven. We must stop the tide of demons entering our world, $n!$B$BUse this demon pick on the red crystal in Thunder Axe Fortress to gain access to the Demon Box.\
","Retrieve the Demon Box from Thunder Axe Fortress, and return it, along with the Demon Pick to Taiga Wisemane in Shadowprey Village.\
","Ah, the Demon Box. Give it to me, $c, and I shall open... and thus reveal to you the Hand of Iruxos.\
","","","","",""
5382,"Doctor Theolen Krastinov, the Butcher","Krastinov is responsible for the deaths of thousands. He must be punished, justice must be meted out.$B$BFind him and exact upon him the agony he has inflicted upon countless innocents. Once he is destroyed, burn our remains. Turn them to ashes, $N.","Find Doctor Theolen Krastinov inside the Scholomance. Destroy him, then burn the Remains of Eva Sarkhoff and the Remains of Lucien Sarkhoff. Return to Eva Sarkhoff when the task is complete.\
","I can feel my spirit healing, $N. You have done my husband and I a great service, but I am certain there is more to be done.","","","Remains of Eva Sarkhoff Burned","Remains of Lucien Sarkhoff Burned",""
5384,"Kirtonos the Herald","This is it, $N.$B$B<Eva points to the vial inside the bag.>$B$BThe blood of innocents. The purest blood, used to appease Krastinov's master.$B$BIt is with this blood that Kirtonos may be summoned. It is with this blood, then, that Kirtonos must be destroyed.$B$BTake the blood to the porch. Place it upon the brazier. Kirtonos will come - he cannot resist. When he appears, unleash the fury and wrath of a thousand innocent deaths upon him.$B$BShould you succeed, you will earn more than just our gratitude.","Return to the Scholomance with the Blood of Innocents. Find the porch and place the Blood of Innocents in the brazier. Kirtonos will come to feast upon your soul.$B$BFight valiantly, do not give an inch! Destroy Kirtonos and return to Eva Sarkhoff.\
","With the death of Kirtonos, a chapter in the horrible tale of Scholomance comes to a close. There is, however, more to be done. Others here are now aware of your brave acts. Take this, $N. It is a piece of our own essence. It will allow you to communicate with the other lost souls of Caer Darrow.","","","","",""
5385,"The Remains of Trey Lightforge","You pick up the sack carefully and prepare to make your way back to Jessir Moonbow on the border of Felwood and Ashenvale. Hopefully the paladin will be given the proper respects once you've passed his remains on to his friends.","Return the Remains of Trey Lightforge to Jessir Moonbow in Felwood.","You've done it! Praise be to Elune and whichever powers you worshihp, $N. You have done an honorable and noble thing this day. I am certain Arko'narin will be pleased that you not only took the time to save her, but to also slay the creature who tortured one of her best friends.$b$bI wish I could do more for you, but please, take this.","","","","",""
5386,"Catch of the Day","The smell of cooked fish has long been missing here at Ghost Walker Post. The trolls at Shadowprey Village are the best at catching fish... but alas, with all the centaur activities I have little time to make a journey to the trolls. Hrm...$B$BDo me a favor and journey to Shadowprey Village. Talk to the local fisherman Jinar'Zillen and bring me back my favorite, Bloodbelly fish. The road south of here will take you west to the troll village.","Talk to Jinar'Zillen at Shadowprey Village, and then bring Nataka Longhorn 2 Bloodbelly fish.","You are a savior, $N! These Bloodbelly fish look almost good enough to eat raw.$B$B<Nataka starts salivating.>$B$BHere you go - choose one of these items as a payment for these fish.","","","","",""
5401,"Argent Dawn Commission","","","All who fight evil on behalf of the Argent Dawn must don our commission.  Wearing such will earn your right to claim rewards our quartermasters have to offer.$B$BWhile under commission, you'll be able to acquire Scourgestones from slain Scourge; these are marks of insignia that they sometimes possess.  Procure these insignia and bring them to me.  For each set you turn in, you will receive our marker of heroism - the Argent Dawn Valor Token.$B$BAchieve your destiny, $c - join the fight today!","","","","",""
5402,"Minion's Scourgestones","","","Congratulations, $N - I am pleased to award you with an Argent Dawn valor token!$B$BThe tokens serve two purposes.  One - they can be used to further your standing within the Argent Dawn; to do so may avail you options and rewards that are reserved for our honored and revered allies.  Two - they can be given to our quartermasters, along with coin, as payment for some of the Dawn's more prized items.$B$BWhatever you decide, know that you are earning your commission.  Well done!","","","","",""
5403,"Invader's Scourgestones","","","Congratulations, $N - I am pleased to award you with an Argent Dawn valor token!$B$BEach valor token handed out to worthy recipients is a sign of the tide turning against the Scourge.  With more and more heroes fighting the Scourge in their own lands, the Argent Dawn will assuredly be at the forefront when the time comes to wage war on the ultimate evil of the Scourge.  I hope that the valor you've shown what it took to acquiring your token will carry the day then as well!","","","","",""
5404,"Corruptor's Scourgestones","","","Congratulations, $N - I am pleased to award you with an Argent Dawn valor token!$B$BTo acquire a valor token in such a manner indicates that you are a true hero in the cause of good.  We value all effort brought to bear against the Scourge, but to take down one of their leaders is to truly deliver onto them a crushing defeat!$B$BFor the Dawn, my $g brother : sister;!","","","","",""
5405,"Argent Dawn Commission","","","All who fight evil on behalf of the Argent Dawn must don our commission. Wearing such will earn your right to claim rewards our quartermasters have to offer.$B$BWhile under commission, you'll be able to acquire Scourgestones from slain Scourge; these are marks of insignia that they sometimes possess. Procure these insignia and bring them to me. For each set you turn in, you will receive our marker of heroism - the Argent Dawn Valor Token.$B$BAchieve your destiny, $C join the fight today!","","","","",""
5406,"Corruptor's Scourgestones","","","Congratulations, $N - I am pleased to award you with an Argent Dawn valor token!$B$BTo acquire a valor token in such a manner indicates that you are a true hero in the cause of good.  We value all effort brought to bear against the Scourge, but to take down one of their leaders is to truly deliver onto them a crushing defeat!$B$BFor the Dawn, my $g brother : sister;!","","","","",""
5407,"Invader's Scourgestones","","","Congratulations, $N - I am pleased to award you with an Argent Dawn valor token!$B$BEach valor token handed out to worthy recipients is a sign of the tide turning against the Scourge.  With more and more heroes fighting the Scourge in their own lands, the Argent Dawn will assuredly be at the forefront when the time comes to wage war on the ultimate evil of the Scourge.  I hope that the valor you've shown what it took to acquiring your token will carry the day then as well!","","","","",""
5408,"Minion's Scourgestones","","","Congratulations, $N - I am pleased to award you with an Argent Dawn valor token!$B$BThe tokens serve two purposes.  One - they can be used to further your standing within the Argent Dawn; to do so may avail you options and rewards that are reserved for our honored and revered allies.  Two - they can be given to our quartermasters, along with coin, as payment for some of the Dawn's more prized items.$B$BWhatever you decide, know that you are earning your commission.  Well done!","","","","",""
5421,"Fish in a Bucket","","","Sweet mon, nothing beats work being done, especially if it's someone else doing the work... eh?","","","","",""
5441,"Lazy Peons","Cursed peons!  They work hard gathering lumber from the trees of the valley, but they're always taking naps!  I need someone to help keep the peons in line.$B$BYou look like the right $r for my task.  Here, you take this blackjack and use it on any lazy peons you find sleeping on the job.  A good smack will get them right back to work!  Return the blackjack when you're done.$B$BLousy slacking peons...","Use the Foreman's Blackjack on Lazy Peons when they're sleeping.  Wake up 5 peons, then return the Foreman's Blackjack to Foreman Thazz'ril in the Valley of Trials.","Good. good. Maybe they'll think twice before slacking next time! Thanks for the help!","","Peons Awoken","","",""
5461,"The Human, Ras Frostwhisper","The undead fear life just as the living fear death. It is not unusual for a sentient undead being to completely destroy all remnants of his or her previous life after having turned.$B$BUnfortunately, in order to create an artifact capable of reverting Ras Frostwhisper to a mortal, we must have a keepsake from his years among the living.$B$BYou must venture to the ruined city of Stromgarde, Frostwhisper's home, and search for such an item. May luck be with you, $N.","Travel to the Arathi Highlands, to the ruins of Stromgarde. Search Stromgarde for a Keepsake of Remembrance. If you find such an item, return with it to Magistrate Marduke.","I had doubted the possibility of such an item existing. This certainly opens up an incredible opportunity - one we must not squander.$B$BPrepare yourself, $N, for what I am about to ask of you will take you into the depths of hell.","","","","",""
5462,"The Dying, Ras Frostwhisper","Upon tainted soil, the keepsake must be attuned.$B$BIt is rumored that Stratholme is where Frostwhisper succumbed to the Lich King. Upon those bloodied grounds he gave his life - freely and with motive - to become one of the undying.$B$BIt is those grounds that must be found.$B$BThere is one, an undead dissenter of the Scourge, freed by the Banshee Queen but loyal to the cause of the Argent Dawn. Find him: Leonid Barthalomew the Revered. He may know more. Seek out Light's Hope, $N. ","Travel to Light's Hope in Eastern Plaguelands and seek out Leonid Barthalomew the Revered. Show him the Keepsake of Remembrance and tell him all that you have discovered.","<Leonid looks over the keepsake.>$B$BYour quandary stirs up memories that I had hoped would never resurface.","","","","",""
5463,"Menethil's Gift","I watched as the human, Ras Frostwhisper, pledged his undying soul to the Lich King. He drew the dagger to his own throat and with a smile, cut from ear to ear. His body collapsed inside the borders of the pentagram. The Lich King stood over the fallen mage and with a single motion, Ras Frostwhisper the lich, was born.$B$B<Leonid gazes at the ground and then looks up at you.>$B$BYes, $r, I remember. What you seek has a name - Menethil's Gift: The ground blessed by the Lich King - holy ground to Scourge.\
","Travel to Stratholme and find Menethil's Gift. Place the Keepsake of Remembrance upon the unholy ground. ","You place the keepsake on the tainted soil.","","","","",""
5464,"Menethil's Gift","The soul of the fallen clings to that which represents its former life and transforms the item into a soulbound keepsake. You pick the item up and place it in your pack.","Take the Soulbound Keepsake to Leonid Barthalomew in Eastern Plaguelands.","As the soul clung to the keepsake, so shall it cling to the physical form of Ras Frostwhisper.","","","","",""
5465,"Soulbound Keepsake","Return to Marduke with the keepsake, $N. He will instruct you in its use.","Return to Magistrate Marduke in Caer Darrow. Show him the Soulbound Keepsake.","I was certain that you would be joining me as another hapless spirit.","","","","",""
5466,"The Lich, Ras Frostwhisper","There is but one task remaining, $N. Confront the lich, Ras Frostwhisper, in his lair.$B$BUse the power of the keepsake against the beast -  be unrelenting in your actions!  Weather the blows that the flailing beast will surely bring down upon you. Do not give in to the pain!$B$BWhen the ritual is complete, Ras will be mortal once more. It is at that point that he must be slain. Strike him down and take his human head.","Find Ras Frostwhisper in the Scholomance. When you have found him, use the Soulbound Keepsake on his undead visage. Should you succeed in reverting him to a mortal, strike him down and recover the Human Head of Ras Frostwhisper. Take the head back to Magistrate Marduke.","Ten thousand souls cry out in unison, $N! You have struck a mortal blow to the Scourge and their masters.","","","","",""
5481,"Gordo's Task","Master want weeds. Us gots big hands and not good at picking. You help us and we not hurt you. Us need gloom weed. Many weeds around here and near road.$b$bWhen you have gloom weed you take to Master Holland in Brill graveyard.\
","Collect 3 Gloom Weed and deliver them to Junior Apothecary Holland in the Brill graveyard.","What's this? Gloom weed?! I've no need for gloom weed! That mindless mass of flesh is out there picking daisies and convincing the Lady knows how many dupes like you into doing the same. No offense.$b$bVery well, you're here now and that's all that matters. Since I'm not going to bother to try to explain things to that abomination how about you collect what I really need... doom weed!","","","","",""
5482,"Doom Weed","So you can see the predicament that I'm in, $N. That thing is out there collecting the wrong weeds! I'll make it worth your while to gather what I need. Bring back to me enough doom weed and I'll give you a suitable reward.$B$BIt is my understanding that they like to plague the flora near the mass gravesite, to the north of the Brill graveyard. Hurry and be mindful of the gnolls in the area.","Collect 10 Doom Weed and deliver them back to Junior Apothecary Holland.\
","Ah, my doom weed. Excellent!$B$B<Junior Apothecary Holland rubs his hands together greedily.>$B$BThese will come in quite handy. You've done me, uh, the Lady, a fine service today, $N. As promised here is the reward that you deserve.","","","","",""
5501,"Bone Collector","We're sitting on a goldmine here, I tell you - a goldmine!  Kodo bones will change the world forever... I have customers making furniture, music instruments, and even blasting powder out of them.$B$BThere's a caravan that comes by and picks up my kodo bones and then sells them at Shadowprey Village.  If you can travel to the kodo graveyard south of here and bring me ten kodo bones, I'll give you something in return.  Is it a deal?","Bring 10 Kodo Bones from the Kodo Graveyard to Bibbly F'utzbuckle at Kormek's Hut.","Ah, goodie!  My bones!$B$BI can't wait till the chaps at home see my face on the front cover of Goblin'preneur.  I'll be the richest goblin in the world... and my physical education teacher said I would never amount to anything.","","","","",""
5503,"Argent Dawn Commission","","","All who fight evil on behalf of the Argent Dawn must don our commission. Wearing such will earn your right to claim rewards our quartermasters have to offer.$B$BWhile under commission, you'll be able to acquire Scourgestones from slain Scourge; these are marks of insignia that they sometimes possess. Procure these insignia and bring them to me. For each set you turn in, you will receive our marker of heroism - the Argent Dawn Valor Token.$B$BAchieve your destiny, $C join the fight today!","","","","",""
5505,"The Key to Scholomance","","","Good luck, mighty hero. May your victories continue to bring you fame and power as you lay waste to Scholomance!","","","","",""
5508,"Corruptor's Scourgestones","","","Congratulations, $N - I am pleased to award you with an Argent Dawn valor token!$B$BTo acquire a valor token in such a manner indicates that you are a true hero in the cause of good.  We value all effort brought to bear against the Scourge, but to take down one of their leaders is to truly deliver onto them a crushing defeat!$B$BFor the Dawn, my $g brother : sister;!","","","","",""
5509,"Invader's Scourgestones","","","Congratulations, $N - I am pleased to award you with an Argent Dawn valor token!$B$BEach valor token handed out to worthy recipients is a sign of the tide turning against the Scourge.  With more and more heroes fighting the Scourge in their own lands, the Argent Dawn will assuredly be at the forefront when the time comes to wage war on the ultimate evil of the Scourge.  I hope that the valor you've shown what it took to acquiring your token will carry the day then as well!","","","","",""
5510,"Minion's Scourgestones","","","Congratulations, $N - I am pleased to award you with an Argent Dawn valor token!$B$BThe tokens serve two purposes.  One - they can be used to further your standing within the Argent Dawn; to do so may avail you options and rewards that are reserved for our honored and revered allies.  Two - they can be given to our quartermasters, along with coin, as payment for some of the Dawn's more prized items.$B$BWhatever you decide, know that you are earning your commission.  Well done!","","","","",""
5511,"The Key to Scholomance","","","Good luck, mighty hero. May your victories continue to bring you fame and power as you lay waste to Scholomance!","","","","",""
5514,"Mold Rhymes With...","The goblin you will need to speak with is Krinkle Goodsteel.  He peddles his skills to the highest bidder in Gadgetzan, within the Tanaris desert.  He'll likely be the only one who can produce the mold we need, and his services won't come cheap.  We now ask for you to dig deep by footing whatever fee he will charge.$B$BI'm an apothecary, not a banker.  If I had gold lying around, I certainly wouldn't be here.$B$BI guess I said the quiet part out loud again.  Oops.$B$BGadgetzan awaits you!  Good luck!","Bring the Imbued Skeletal Fragments and 15 gold coins to Krinkle Goodsteel in Gadgetzan.","Dithers said you'd deliver the goods, and deliver you have! A deal is a deal; let me pack the fragments into the mold for you.$b$bDid Dithers imbue them already? Excellent... otherwise, it would have been a long trip back to the Bulwark for you.","","","","",""
5515,"Krastinov's Bag of Horrors","A great weight has been lifted from our hearts, $N, but your task is not yet complete. Krastinov's master, Kirtonos, still lives.$B$BBefore you may face Kirtonos, however, you must first secure a method in which to summon him.$B$BIt is said that Jandice Barov stewards the blood of innocents from Krastinov to Kirtonos.$B$BFind her in the sunken catacombs of Scholomance and strike her down. Bring back any clues that you may find.","Locate Jandice Barov in the Scholomance and destroy her. From her corpse recover Krastinov's Bag of Horrors. Return the bag to Eva Sarkhoff.","The bag of horrors!","","","","",""
5522,"Leonid Barthalomew","I received a message from my master, Vectus.  Well, the message wasn't really from Vectus...it was from someone named Leonid Barthalomew.  I don't know Leonid, but he knew my master, and no one knows my master unless he allows it.$B$BLeonid says Vectus wants the dragon eggs.  He wants you to deliver them to him at the Light's Hope Chapel in the Eastern Plaguelands.$B$BThat hurts!  Why you?  Doesn't Vectus trust me?  Oh, never mind... just take the eggs and tell Leonid that I did what our master commanded.","Bring the Frozen Eggs to Leonid Barthalomew in the Eastern Plaguelands.","Ah, very good. You do not know the evil power for whom you have labored, but now you will know the truth. And fear not--I am no servant of that master. I am Leonid Barthalomew, known as \"the Revered\" to my brethren in the Argent Dawn.$b$bI tricked Tinkee into sending you and the dragon eggs to me. And it is good that my trick was successful, for had these eggs reached their intended destination, a great power would have fallen into the hands of the enemy.","","","","",""
5529,"Plagued Hatchlings","The Argent Dawn recently learned that the Scourge are creating their own plagued dragonflight!  We must stop them -- if the Scourge gain a force of dragons they'll sweep across Azeroth unchecked!$B$BTheir necromancers are breeding plagued dragons at the Scholomance, in the middle of Darrowmere Lake.$B$BGo to the Scholomance and kill as many hatchlings as you can... before they get any bigger!","Kill 20 Plagued Hatchlings, then return to Betina Bigglezink at the Light's Hope Chapel.","Well done, $N!  It'll be a long time before they can grow another clutch of dragons.$B$B...At least, I hope it will!","","","","",""
5531,"Betina Bigglezink","The eggs you brought were to be used in Scourge experiments to create a plagued dragonflight.  These frozen black dragon eggs would have been invaluable in their studies, and would have assuredly quickened their timetable.$B$BNow, it is time we ended their research.$B$BTake the frozen eggs to Betina Bigglezink outside.  She is well-learned in science and alchemy, and has produced a weapon we can use against the Scourge.  With your help, we will deal them a heavy blow.","Bring the Frozen Eggs to Betina Bigglezink.","There they are! And in such a nice container. The perfect size!$b$bWe'll keep these eggs in a safe place so we can study them later, but right now we need that thing you brought them in.$b$bI have created a device with a very specific use: to destroy the undead scholars of the Scholomance. They are studying dragons in their efforts to create a plagued dragonflight, and we must halt their progress.$b$bI call the device Dawn's Gambit, because... I'm not sure if it works!$b$bWill you find out for us?","","","","",""
5533,"Scholomance","On the island of Caer Darrow lies Scholomance - a wretched center of Scourge necromancy and evil.  Our enemy dwells within, conducting unspeakable acts of depravity on unwitting victims... at least, we surmise as much.  A door bars the way, and try as we might no entry is to be had without a proper key.$B$BAlchemist Arbington is well versed on Scholomance, and has an idea how to obtain a key.  You have proved your worth to me, and now I entrust this task to you.  Speak with him on this matter.","Speak with Alchemist Arbington at Chillwind Point, Western Plaguelands.","Well met, $c.  I've dedicated a fair portion of my recent studies to the Scholomance, and I believe I know a means by which you can acquire a key... one that will let you past the front door.$B$BI can only imagine what horrid sights are to be seen inside, $N.  I don't know how you heroic types do it sometimes...","","","","",""
5534,"Kim'jael's \"Missing\" Equipment","What?! What?!$B$BThat wasn't good enough for you? You know how expensive those explosives are? They sell for... oh, nevermind. Fine, you want to make some real money? Cause that's how business is done: you prove you're a valuable employee and then you're rewarded adequately after you stick it out some.$B$BIf you're a \"valuable\" employee, then hit the Ruins of Eldarath and find me some rune that them Blood elves were lookin' for. The naga apparently have it in their possession.","Find Some Rune that the naga have in their possession in the Ruins of Eldarath and return it to Kim'jael in Azshara.","Haha! Wonderful!$B$BI'll be sure to find out what this is for and why Magus Rimtori--she's the cow that hired me--wanted it. Hah! I got you now, stinkin' Blood elves! Kim'jael! Ha! I'll teach them who the rats are!$B$BYa did good, $N. Thanks a bundle. Here, take this coin and be off with ya--I've got some things to figure out.","","","","",""
5535,"Spiritual Unrest","Long ago, the Highborne were some of the most powerful students of the arcane the night elves ever produced. The corruption that comes along with such studies caused much harm to night elf society and greatly affected all of Azeroth... as I'm sure you well know.$B$BI promised the Sentinels that I would release the spirits from their mortal bonds as I find them. If you would do the same, then I am sure I can reward you some.$B$BThe spirits haunt the Shadowsong Shrine to the northeast of here.","Destroy 6 Highborne Apparitions and 6 Highborne Lichlings before returning to Loh'atu in Azshara.","Well done, $c. Thank you for your help. The spirits are at peace, and the threats that their desire for the arcane draw have been lessened.$B$BI am sure that both sides of the conflict that ravishes Azeroth will see you are above such things.","","","","",""
5536,"A Land Filled with Hatred","The satyr, a disfigured, evil aspect of the night elves, now infect the sacred lands once traveled by Cenarius. I cannot speak for the night elves when it comes to all the atrocities those demonic creatures have committed, but I have sworn an oath to the Earthmother to aid the elves in ridding the land of such a nuisance.$B$BI am sure you would prove yourself if you aided me in purging them.$B$BNortheast of here, you can find the Haldarr clan. Return to me after you've tested yourself against their power.","Kill 6 Haldarr Satyr, 2 Haldarr Tricksters, 2 Haldarr Felsworn and then return to Loh'atu on the border of Ashenvale.","Well done, $c. I see you're not only skilled but cunning. To defeat such creatures is a testament to your loyalty to the tenants of the Earthmother, even if you do not recognize her as your own deity. She is in all things on this planet and beyond. Her eyes, one dark and one light, travel across the skies always gazing down upon us.$B$BPlease, take this small amount of coin in appreciation for what you have done.","","","","",""
5537,"Skeletal Fragments","The key to Scholomance is called a Skeleton Key.  It must be forged from the remains of a skeleton - several actually - and hardened by only the strongest of metals within a suitable mold.  A signet of power from a being who naturally can open the portal to Scholomance will make the key ultimately function.$B$BFirst thing's first though, $N.  We'll need skeletal fragments for the key's forging.  Skeletons inside Andorhal should yield what we need, but the ones outside the walls might work too.","Bring 15 Skeletal Fragments to Alchemist Arbington at Chillwind Point, Western Plaguelands.","This'll work, $N!  My turn now - I will imbue these with a suitable temper that will allow them to survive the intense forging process they will eventually go through.$B$BThe next step will be to get an appropriate mold for the key.  I know a goblin blacksmith in Tanaris that has in the past made molds for similarly macabre items.  He works for whom goblins usually work for - the highest bidder.","","","","",""
5538,"Mold Rhymes With...","The goblin you will need to speak with is Krinkle Goodsteel.  He peddles his skills to the highest bidder in Gadgetzan, within the Tanaris desert.  He'll likely be the only one who can produce the mold we need, and his services won't come cheap.  We now ask for you to dig deep by footing whatever fee he will charge.$B$BI'm an alchemist, not a banker.  If I had gold lying around, I certainly wouldn't be here.$B$BI guess I said the quiet part out loud again.  Oops.$B$BGadgetzan awaits you!  Good luck!","Bring the Imbued Skeletal Fragments and 15 gold coins to Krinkle Goodsteel in Gadgetzan.","Arbington said you'd deliver the goods, and deliver you have!  A deal is a deal; let me pack the fragments into the mold for you.$B$BDid Arbington imbue them already?  Excellent... otherwise, it would have been a long trip back to Chillwind Point for you.","","","","",""
5541,"Ammo for Rumbleshot","Hegnar Rumbleshot sells guns off the road to Anvilmar.  Riflemen and mortar teams spend a lot of time practicing out near his shop, and he's always needing fresh ammunition.$B$BBut... the last crate of ammo I sent him got lost along the way.  My courier said he was camped near the Grizzled Den when wendigo chased him away... and the fool left Rumbleshot's ammo behind!$B$B$N, can you get that ammo and take it to Rumbleshot?  He's been waiting on it and I'm sure he's running low.","Bring Rumbleshot's Ammo to Hegnar Rumbleshot in Dun Morogh.","Great, more ammo!  Old Loslor's shipment finally came through!  The ammo might be late, but just like my grand daddy used to tell me: late's better than never!$B$BThank you much, $N.  I already have buyers eager for this stuff!","","","","",""
5542,"Demon Dogs","If you are going to remain here, I ask only that you earn your keep. We have many nuisances that could use some 'discipline.'$B$BYou can start with the Plaguehounds and their runts.$B$BI cannot offer much in return, but you are guaranteed a warm meal and some conversation should you succeed.","Slay 20 Plaguehound Runts, 5 Plaguehounds and 5 Frenzied Plaguehounds. Return to Tirion Fordring when the task is complete.","Well done, $N. Come. Rest. Let us eat and talk of days long past!","","","","",""
5543,"Blood Tinged Skies","Woe to those that foolishly wander into the Plaguelands. All manner of foulness inhabit these woods - from the fanatical Scarlet Crusade, who will kill any that do not bear the mark of the Crusade, to the murderous Scourge, who only look to bolster their numbers by adding more undead to their ranks.$B$BEven the wildlife have been transformed into rapacious, man eating beasts. I ask that you destroy those that would strike from the skies: The Plaguebats.","Slay 30 Plaguebats and return to Tirion Fordring.","You are a shining example of decency, $r! It has been long since I have felt the blood of heroes pump through my veins. Your acts of bravery are uplifting!","","","","",""
5544,"Carrion Grubbage","My food supplies are running low, $r. I am ashamed to admit that I might not have enough food to share with you.$B$BCould you assist an old man with a simple task? Around here, the only manner of beast unaffected by the ravages of the Plague are the Carrion worms. While rather bland in taste, the meat of the worms can easily be preserved to last for months. I will need several hundred pounds to restock for the coming winter!","Seek out the Carrion Grubs and Devourers of the region. Slay them and harvest their meat. Return to Tirion Fordring when you have gathered 15 Slabs of Carrion Worm Meat.\
","May the Light watch over you! Bless you, young one.","","","","",""
5545,"A Bundle of Trouble","I've got a real problem on my hands. I have a deadline looming for an order of lumber, and I'm running out of time. The wolves and bears north of here have chased my workers away from the bundles of wood that they've already chopped.$B$BI've already talked to Deputy Rainer about clearing the animals, but I need someone to go collect the wood for me. If you could collect eight bundles of wood for me I might just make my deadline.","Bring 8 Bundles of Wood to Raelen at the Eastvale Logging Camp.","Excellent! Thanks to you, I should be able to complete the order in time. To show my gratitude, I would like to offer some coin as compensation for your troubles.$B$BThank you and farewell.","","","","",""
5561,"Kodo Roundup","Bibbly thinks he is the only goblin in Desolace who knows how to make money.  Well, the only caravan brave enough to travel these parts relies on me.  Ever since I learned how to rejuvenate and control aged and dying kodos with my kodo kombobulator, the caravan owner Cork, Rigger, and I entered a partnership.$B$BTake the kombobulator and use it on any ancient, aged, or dying kodos; it will jolt the beast into a tamed kodo and force it to follow you.  Once you have a kodo tamed, bring it back to me.","Bring five Tamed Kodos and the Kodo Kombobulator back to Smeed Scrabblescrew at Scrabblescrew's Camp.","<Smeed Scrabblescrew begins counting.>$B$BThree, four, and five... excellent, I ask for five tamed kodos and I get five tamed kodos... I am going to be rich... yes, very rich! I hope to see the look on Bibbly's green face when he hears about my success!","","Kodos Tamed","","",""
5581,"Portals of the Legion","Behold - the Hand of Iruxos. A gruesome sight indeed.$B$BYou must possess it if the demon portals at Mannoroc Coven are to be banished... which is what I now ask you to do. The Demon threat is increasing and we must close these portals to stem the tide of demons to this world. Good luck, $N... and be wary of the portal guardians.\
","Banish 6 Portals at Mannoroc Coven and return to Taiga Wisemane at Shadowprey Village.\
","You are to be commended, $n.  Your effort has helped greatly in fighting the demon threat, and all of Azeroth is safer because of it.\
","","Portals Banished","","",""
5582,"Healthy Dragon Scale","This is a scale shed from a plagued dragon hatchling.  But unlike the other pocked, oozing scales on the infant beast, this rare scale is healthy and unmarred.$B$BBetina Bigglezink will want a sample of this to study.","Bring the Healthy Dragon Scale to Betina Bigglezink at the Light's Hope Chapel in Eastern Plaguelands.","Excellent! This will be invaluable in my continued studies of the machinations of the Scourge. Thank you, $N, and if you find more of these scales please bring them to me!","","","","",""
5601,"Sister Pamela","I fled Lordaeron during the great war, and was lucky to escape before the Scourge swept through my homeland and turned it into a plagued nightmare!  I was lucky, but my family was not.  I fear they were all killed during the battle of Darrowshire.$B$BDarrowshire is a village in the Eastern Kingdoms, nestled in the southern hills of what is now the Eastern Plaguelands.  Will you go there and search for my family?  I miss them so much, especially my little sister Pamela.$B$BPlease, find her for me!","Find Pamela Redpath in Darrowshire.","Where is my sister Jessica?  She left so long ago, when I was just a little girl.  She cried so much when she went away.  I don't know why she cried!  Maybe she fell and hit her toe.$B$BWhen Jessica was here we used to play games and dance and pick pretty flowers around the house.  And sometimes we'd hide when we saw daddy coming home, then jump out and surprise him!$B$BCome back, Jessica!  If you come back then maybe daddy will too and we can all play together again...","","","","",""
5621,"Garments of the Moon","I need your help, $N. I am needed here to train the other students, but you, you can help one of our injured Sentinels just south of Dolanaar. She was hurt patrolling the town and could use our aid. Her name is Shaya.$B$BWhen you find her, heal her wounds, and then fortify her body with your spells. This will at least protect her from harm longer if she finds trouble. Return to me here after you've done your duty to Elune.","Find Sentinel Shaya and heal her wounds using Lesser Heal (Rank 2). Afterwards, grant her Power Word: Fortitude and then return to Laurna Morninglight in Dolanaar.","You have done well and you have served Elune. For that, I thank you.$B$BPlease, take this robe as a token of my thanks. It signifies you have earned your place among our order. If you wish, wear it with pride, but either way, we will always recognize you as one of our own.$B$BGo with Elune, $N, and thank you.","","Heal Sentinel Shaya","Fortify Sentinel Shaya","",""
5622,"In Favor of Elune","$N, you must travel to Dolanaar when your business here in Shadowglen is done. There, you will find Laurna Morninglight. She will instruct you further in the ways of Elune, and it is with her that you will earn your first garments denoting your station as a $gpriest:priestess; of Elune.$B$BTake care, and may you be protected in your journeys.","Speak to Laurna Morninglight in Teldrassil.","I'm happy to see Shanda has sent you to find me, $N. Teaching young priests the ways of Elune gives me great satisfaction.","","","","",""
5623,"In Favor of the Light","Hello again, young $gpriest:priestess;. The time has come for you to learn more about our religion. After you've completed whatever tasks you have here in Northshire, please seek out Priestess Josetta in Goldshire. She has more to teach you and has heard that you are growing strong in the ways of the Light. She looks forward to tutoring you more.","Speak to Priestess Josetta in Elwynn Forest.","I'm glad you've arrived, $N. We have much to discuss about your future and your path within the Light.","","","","",""
5624,"Garments of the Light","Normally I put forth a small challenge to followers of the Light to test their skill. I want to see if they are worthy of wearing their first robes--a sign that the church outwardly approves of the $gpriest:priestess; and supports $ghim:her;.$B$BBut this situation is a bit different. One of Goldshire's citizens saw an injured guard near the lake to the east of here. His name is Roberts. Find him, heal him, fortify his body and return here. If you can do that for me, then I will consider your test complete.","Find Guard Roberts and heal his wounds using Lesser Heal (Rank 2). Afterwards, grant him Power Word: Fortitude and then return to Priestess Josetta in Goldshire.","Excellent, $N With one more healthy guard out there to help the town, we'll be that much safer. I'm glad to see you're already learning to use your abilities wisely. If you feel you are ready for more training at any time, please come back to me. But for now, take this robe. It will let others know that you are one of our order. If you don't want to wear it, that's fine. Later there will be more tests and this robe isn't necessary for those.","","Heal Guard Roberts","Fortify Guard Roberts","",""
5625,"Garments of the Light","It's usually about this time that one of your power is tested to see if they're worthy of wearing robes denoting their place in the church. But to be honest, I got more pressing matters to look into. Citizen of Kharanos' just came in here and told me 'bout a hurt mountaineer just outside town to the south--name's Dolf.$B$BYou heal Dolf and give him Fortitude, and I'll consider you done with proving yourself. How's that sound?","Find Mountaineer Dolf and heal his wounds using Lesser Heal (Rank 2). Afterwards, grant him Power Word: Fortitude and then return to Maxan Anvol in Kharanos.","Excellent, $N With one more healthy guard out there to help the town, we'll be that much safer. I'm glad to see you're already learning to use your abilities wisely. If you feel you are ready for more training at any time, please come back to me. But for now, take this robe. It will let others know that you are one of our order. If you don't want to wear it, that's fine. Later there will be more tests and this robe isn't necessary for those.","","Heal Mountaineer Dolf","Fortify Mountaineer Dolf","",""
5626,"In Favor of the Light","Hey! $N! Got a minute?!$B$BYa been following the Light now for long enough that you find your way to Maxan Anvol in Kharanos. He'll teach ya more about the path yer following, and if you prove worthy, give ya yer first set of robes to denote your station as a $gpriest:priestess;.$B$BNow get goin'! As soon as yer done here, head through the tunnel--he'll be waitin' for ya.","Speak to Maxan Anvol in Dun Morogh.","Oh, so Branstock sent ya, did he? Good, good! He's right, it is 'bout time you started taking a much larger step into the Light. It'll build character and make ya stronger... an' that's what you'll need more than anything: strength of body... strength of will.","","","","",""
5627,"Stars of Elune","","","You've proven yourself worthy of Elune's attention, $N. If you feel you're ready, I would very much like to teach you one of her spells unique to our people.","","","","",""
5628,"Returning Home","Ah, yes, hello, $N? I'm glad you stopped to talk for a moment. You are a far way from home at such a young age--I admire such ambition. I wish when I was younger I could have mustered the courage to travel the world.$B$BThere was a priestess of your order here looking for you not too long ago. She said it was very urgent you returned to the Temple of the Moon in Darnassus and speak to Priestess Alathea--it had something to do with your training. I wouldn't dally too long if you can help it.","Speak to Priestess Alathea in Darnassus.","Wonderful, you've returned home, $N. It always pleases Tyrande and myself when those we've trained go out into the world and return to us safely. How have things been with you? Does Elune still bless your travels? Perhaps after we speak more about the business at hand, you could tell me more of your travels.","","","","",""
5629,"Returning Home","Hello again, $N. I know you've been busy aiding our people, but you must take some time for yourself also. Priestess Alathea sent someone here looking for you. It seems that you've caught the attention of our elders and they feel you are prepared for greater things. Head to the Temple of the Moon in Darnassus and look for Alathea there. She will be waiting. Good luck, and may Elune be with you.","Speak to Priestess Alathea in Darnassus.","Wonderful, you've returned, $N. It always pleases Tyrande and myself when those we've trained go out into the world and return to us safely. How have things been with you? Does Elune still bless your travels? Perhaps after we speak more about the business at hand, you could tell me more of your travels.","","","","",""
5630,"Returning Home","Hello there, $gladdy:lassy;. Good to see you travelin' far and wide to distant lands. No offense meant, but a lot o' your kind don't take well to these cold climates usually. Glad to see you're made of tougher stuff.$B$BNot too long ago one of your priestesses was in here lookin' for you--said somethin' about you finding a Priestess Alathea in the Temple of the Moon back in Darnassus. Said it was important and you should head back there soon.","Speak to Priestess Alathea in Darnassus.","","","","","",""
5631,"Returning Home","A priestess recently visited our halls seeking you out, young $r. She said that she was on a mission to find you and that you should return to the Temple of the Moon in Darnassus as soon as possible. When you arrive, seek out a Priestess Alathea--she will tell you more.$B$BThe Light be with you, $N.","Speak to Priestess Alathea in Darnassus.","Wonderful, you've returned home, $N. It always pleases Tyrande and myself when those we've trained go out into the world and return to us safely. How have things been with you? Does Elune still bless your travels? Perhaps after we speak more about the business at hand, you could tell me more of your travels.","","","","",""
5632,"Returning Home","Oh, yes, of course. Hello, $N. A messenger from our order was here not too long ago looking for you. She mentioned something important happening back in Darnassus and that you should return to the Temple of the Moon as soon as you can. When you arrive, speak to Priestess Alathea. I believe it has something to do with your progressing so well in our ways.$B$BAgain, return to Darnassus when you can.","Speak to Priestess Alathea in Darnassus.","","","","","",""
5633,"Returning Home","Greetings, $gladdy:lass;. Good to see you here in our great halls. A blessing be on you and your kind.$B$BWhile you were traveling through our lands, a priestess of your temple came here seeking you. She said that you were to return to the Temple of the Moon as soon as possible. I'm sorry I can't tell you more, but it did sound important. When you get to the temple, speak to a Priestess Alathea.","Speak to Priestess Alathea in Darnassus.","","","","","",""
5634,"Desperate Prayer","","","You have done the Light a great service by becoming a shining example to those who travel in these dangerous lands and beyond. Please, accept this lesson as a thanks for all you've done.","","","","",""
5635,"Desperate Prayer","You've caught the attention of our superiors, $N. They've asked you travel to the Cathedral of Light in Stormwind as soon as possible. Apparently they feel you've proven yourself already and are prepared to further your training. When you get there, find High Priestess Laurena. She will be able to guide you further. Good luck, and may the Light be with you.","Speak to High Priestess Laurena in Stormwind.",\N,"","","","",""
5636,"Desperate Prayer","Elune bless you, good $r. I hope your Light finds you and protects you well this day.$B$BOne of your priests was here not long ago looking for you. He mentioned you returning to the Cathedral of Light as soon as possible to speak with High Priestess Laurena. It seems you've done well to garner such attention. I wouldn't spend too much time here--your people have need of you.","Speak to High Priestess Laurena in Stormwind.",\N,"","","","",""
5637,"Desperate Prayer","Time's come for you to head to Stormwind, $N. High Priestess Laurena in the Cathedral of Light wants to speak to you. Gotta be somethin' really good or really bad for the High Priestess to want you there personally, but I'm guessin' you've only done well for yourself and it's a good thing that she wants to speak to ya.$B$BBut don't waste too much time 'round here. I'd head there as soon as you can.","Speak to High Priestess Laurena in Stormwind.",\N,"","","","",""
5638,"Desperate Prayer","Just a short time ago, one of your priests was here looking for you, $r. He said that if I were to see you, I should direct you towards the Cathedral of Light. He said it was very important, but I would not be overly concerned if I were you. His demeanor seemed positive... as though it were good news. I wouldn't take too long in making my way there if I were you.$B$BElune be with you, good $r.","Speak to High Priestess Laurena in Stormwind.",\N,"","","","",""
5639,"Desperate Prayer","You're needed in Stormwind, $N. The High Priestess there, Laurena, says it's time for you to prove you're worthy of the next level of your training. Don't waste too much time finding your way there. You can find her in the Cathedral of Light in the center of the city. Give her my regards, and prove how worthy you are of such a calling. The Light be with you, $N.","Speak to High Priestess Laurena in Stormwind.",\N,"","","","",""
5641,"A Lack of Fear","","","You've got the makings of a great $C, $N. Keep up the good work!$B$BYou've already shown you're ready for battle. Perhaps it's time we taught ya a little somethin' more.","","","","",""
5642,"Shadowguard","Something important is up in Orgrimmar, $N.$B$BThe normal messengers that come through here looking for troll priests usually are very casual. This time, they seemed to be in much more a hurry. Don't dally too long in Thunder Bluff. I'd return to the Valley of Spirits as soon as possible.","Speak to Ur'kyo in Orgrimmar.","Your rites will come soon enough. For now, I teach you a spell that will be of great use to you when you do battle with your enemies.","","","","",""
5643,"Shadowguard","Like many of our own priests, your own tribe puts you through rites of passage. These rites often teach priests special abilities that are vital to their survival. I sense that time is upon you even as we speak. You must return to the Valley of Spirits in Orgrimmar and speak to Ur'kyo. What he teaches you might be very important for the future.","Speak to Ur'kyo in Orgrimmar.","Your rites will come soon enough. For now, I teach you a spell that will be of great use to you when you do battle with your enemies.","","","","",""
5644,"Devouring Plague","Ah, a wonderful day for you, $N. I can see by the lessons you've learned that the time has come to send you back to Aelthalyste. There are things only she can teach you, and even then, only if you prove worthy.$B$BI will not spoil the surprise for you, but I remember when I was a young priest learning about true power... divine power. Yes, those were the days.$B$BGo back to Aelthalyste in the Undercity, $N. She will be awaiting you in the War Quarter.","Speak to Aelthalyste in the Undercity.","I would teach you Devouring Plague if you feel you are prepared, $N. A spell of no small power, it will aid you in your coming battles. Practice with it--there will be tests later.","","","","",""
5645,"A Lack of Fear","$N, your High Priest Rohan would have an audience with you in Ironforge. Make haste, my strong friend, your next test quickly approaches. Although I wish I could bear witness to your race's own special rites, my place is here. But may the Light go with you in your travels. Rohan should still be in the Mystic Ward once you reach the city. He will be waiting.","Speak to High Priest Rohan in Ironforge.","You've got the makings of a great $C, $N. Keep up the good work!$B$BYou've already shown you're ready for battle. Perhaps it's time we taught ya a little somethin' more.","","","","",""
5646,"Devouring Plague","Aelthalyste show our people great respect by sending them back to me for more training, and now I do the same for her tribe.$B$BYou return to the Undercity, $N. There, in the War Quarter, she be ready to teach you more 'bout your people and their ways. Go there, and do not wait long.","Speak to Aelthalyste in the Undercity.","Good, you've returned, and not a moment too late. We have great things to discuss, $N. Your abilities are growing stronger, and we must make sure you are ready.","","","","",""
5648,"Garments of Spirituality","You be ready for your first test, $N. South of Razor Hill, just outta town, one of our grunts be hurt fightin' off some o' Proudmoore's old troops. She not doin' too well, an' she benefit much if one of our kind could help her. Find her--her name be Kor'ja--heal her wounds, an' give her the blessin' of our ancestors.$B$BYou do this, an' me thinks that be sufficient proof that you ready to move on in our ways.","Find Grunt Kor'ja and heal her wounds using Lesser Heal (Rank 2). Afterwards, grant her Power Word: Fortitude and then return to Tai'jin at Razor Hill.","Good, then Kor'ja lives and goes off to defend our town from those malicious humans. I often wish to remember days of battle; where power was shown in combat and it was the wise who often destroyed those who relied on just their strength.$B$BYou done good by me, $N. You take this robe now. Maybe it help, maybe you not care, but you earned it and I'm proud to call you brother.","","Heal Grunt Kor'ja","Fortify Grunt Kor'ja","",""
5649,"In Favor of Spirituality","Aye, mon. Our kind have joined the Horde because they be good for us. They loyal, and they teach us much 'bout tings like honor. But our old ways die hard. The orcs may not approve of all our traditions, but that not mean we can't continue to practice some them in secret.$B$BYou know this, an' that's why I send you to Tai'jin in Razor Hill. She teach you more 'bout our history. She teach you the ways of our tribe. Go to her when you be ready.","Speak to Tai'jin in Durotar.","Ahh... so you finally come to Tai'jin. This be good.$B$BYou already know that we are not da same tribe that once joined with the Horde. We be much stronger now. We stronger 'cause we adapt--the Horde teach us that much. We no longer defeat our enemies and gain strength from them; now we gain strength, and then defeat our enemies.$B$BThe difference be subtle, but you will learn. You will see. The tribe count on you to learn such things.","","","","",""
5650,"Garments of Darkness","Our power comes from darkness and shadow, $N, but that is not your only role. You have acknowledged that there is merit in knowing the healing arts. This is wise. But before you can know the dark, you must also know the light. And for this, I have a test for you.$B$BNorth of the cemetery is a wounded Deathguard--Deathguard Kel. He has protected us from gnolls for some time, and needs healing. But, you must also fortify his body before he can return to duty. Do both with your spells, and then return to me.","Find Deathguard Kel and heal his wounds using Lesser Heal (Rank 2). Afterwards, grant him Power Word: Fortitude and then return to Dark Cleric Beryl in Brill.","You have passed my test with ease. Good.$B$BSoon, you will be ready to take on more responsibility and that road will lead to darker powers--powers that no $C of another race has.$B$BTake this robe as a symbol of your station. You have earned it. If you do not wish to wear it, then so be it, you may do with it as you will. I and others like us will always acknowledge you for what you've achieved in our ranks.","","Heal Deathguard Kel","Fortify Deathguard Kel","",""
5651,"In Favor of Darkness","There are many lessons that the Forsaken have learned through experience--things that some races can only begin to fathom. And although our path lies in darkness, you will find that a great many things rely on both the light and the dark. Your lessons shall teach you to use both... and with discretion. But heed my words: never forget we were forged in corruption and left to rot like so much carrion. The Darkness is our home.$B$BSeek out Dark Cleric Beryl in Brill when you're ready to learn more.","Speak to Dark Cleric Beryl in Tirisfal Glades.","Finally, you've arrived. Your faith alone will not allow you to pass the trials before you, young one. A sense of urgency and some ambition will help too.","","","","",""
5652,"Hex of Weakness","","","You would do well to pay heed to this lesson, young one. The Hex of Weakness will be a great boon to you in battle. Later I will have tests for you to further yourself and prove your worth to the tribe.","","","","",""
5654,"Hex of Weakness","It be time for you to meet with Ur'kyo, $N. He be in the Valley of Spirits in the orc city. Go there and speak to him. It is time you learn more of the old ways of our kind. It time you be brought into the circle and made a true priest of our tribe.","Speak to Ur'kyo in Orgrimmar.","You would do well to pay heed to this lesson, young one. The Hex of Weakness will be a great boon to you in battle. Later I will have tests for you to further yourself and prove your worth to the tribe.","","","","",""
5655,"Hex of Weakness","I sent here to make sure that you not wander too far from home, $N. They send me to make sure you return home because Ur'kyo, greatest of our priests, wish to speak to you. You go there. You go to the Valley of Spirits in the orc city and you speak to Ur'kyo. He wait for you now.","Speak to Ur'kyo in Orgrimmar.","You would do well to pay heed to this lesson, young one. The Hex of Weakness will be a great boon to you in battle. Later I will have tests for you to further yourself and prove your worth to the tribe.","","","","",""
5656,"Hex of Weakness","It always warms my undying heart to see priests from all cultures wander the world. To know that power exists that is not arcane and well within our grasp. That's why it is my honor to direct you home, $N.$B$BUr'kyo, your great priest in Orgrimmar, has asked for your presence. You can find him in the Valley of Spirits.","Speak to Ur'kyo in Orgrimmar.","You would do well to pay heed to this lesson, young one. The Hex of Weakness will be a great boon to you in battle. Later I will have tests for you to further yourself and prove your worth to the tribe.","","","","",""
5657,"Hex of Weakness","Home. Return home, young $r.$B$BYour spiritual leader Ur'kyo begs you to return to him and speak about the path you travel.$B$BGo to the Valley of Spirits in the great Horde city of Orgrimmar. You will find him there.","Speak to Ur'kyo in Orgrimmar.","You would do well to pay heed to this lesson, young one. The Hex of Weakness will be a great boon to you in battle. Later I will have tests for you to further yourself and prove your worth to the tribe.","","","","",""
5658,"Touch of Weakness","","","Ah, young $c, I am glad you have returned here. I would teach you a lesson you would do well to not forget. Are you prepared?","","","","",""
5659,"Touch of Weakness","This isn't the place for you, $N. You should head to the War Quarter in Undercity as soon as possible. Aelthalyste has called all her priests and priestesses there as soon as they are ready. It's time they learn more about their power and how to harness it.$B$BShe will not tolerate tardiness or excuses, so you'd best be on your way.","Speak to Aelthalyste in the Undercity.","Ah, good, another has arrived. Time may not matter to me, but to you it is of the essence. There is much for you to learn and there is much I wish to teach you. You simply must prove your worth. Do that, and you shall be greatly rewarded.",\N,\N,\N,\N,\N
5660,"Touch of Weakness","You be far from home, $c. You be needed there, back in your city under the ground. Your mistress, the one you be callin' Aelthalyste be needin' you back there. Like my tribe, there things you must learn only from her. Don't be stayin' here too long. You should be headin' to the War Quarter as fast as a zeppelin can carry you.","Speak to Aelthalyste in the Undercity.","Ah, good, another has arrived. Time may not matter to me, but to you it is of the essence. There is much for you to learn and there is much I wish to teach you. You simply must prove your worth. Do that, and you shall be greatly rewarded.","","","","",""
5661,"Touch of Weakness","You be far from home out here in the Bloodhoof Village, $N. I be sent here to find priests of my own tribe to send back to speak to our leaders, but that not mean I cannot help you too.$B$BI hear word that your head priestess spirit want all Forsaken to come to her--there are things you must learn.$B$BGo to meet Aelthalyste in the War Quarter in that city of yours.","Speak to Aelthalyste in the Undercity.","Ah, good, another has arrived. Time may not matter to me, but to you it is of the essence. There is much for you to learn and there is much I wish to teach you. You simply must prove your worth. Do that, and you shall be greatly rewarded.","","","","",""
5662,"Touch of Weakness","My respect to you and your kind, $N. I normally teach only those of my own tribe. Your lessons come from Aelthalyste in the city once called Lordaeron.$B$BYou should return to her if you're to learn those abilities that set you apart from other faiths.$B$BGo to the War Quarter in the Undercity and find your mistress there.","Speak to Aelthalyste in the Undercity.","Ah, good, another has arrived. Time may not matter to me, but to you it is of the essence. There is much for you to learn and there is much I wish to teach you. You simply must prove your worth. Do that, and you shall be greatly rewarded.","","","","",""
5663,"Touch of Weakness","Aelthalyste sent word out to all her priests. We're to direct the younger of our order to the Undercity for more training. If you truly count yourself among our faithful, then you should return there also.$B$BYou can find Aelthalyste in the War Quarter deep in the Undercity.","Speak to Aelthalyste in the Undercity.","Ah, good, another has arrived. Time may not matter to me, but to you it is of the essence. There is much for you to learn and there is much I wish to teach you. You simply must prove your worth. Do that, and you shall be greatly rewarded.","","","","",""
5672,"Elune's Grace","","","By devoting yourself to Elune and our people, you have attained a state that not all of us can achieve. It is tradition that you then be taught even greater abilities for your devotion. Do you accept?","","","","",""
5673,"Elune's Grace","You know you have access to any of our trainers at any time, $N, but there are some things that we cannot pass on to you. One of those things are the teachings of your goddess Elune. She gives special abilities to her faithful, and if I'm not mistaken, it is time for you to return home to your Temple of the Moon to be tested.$B$BReturn there when you can and speak to Priestess Alathea.","Speak to Priestess Alathea in Darnassus.","Elune bless you for returning so quickly to us. This is an important time in your training, and a time that all of our order take very seriously. When you've rested from your journey here, please, let me know. We can then discuss the continuation of your training and where your path will lead you next.","","","","",""
5674,"Elune's Grace","A wonderful day has come, $N. You've reached the age in which our $gpriests:priestesses; are trained in abilities only Night elves know. But it is not for me to train you. You must return to the Temple of the Moon and speak to Priestess Alathea as soon as your business here is concluded. She will test you to ensure you're prepared, and only then will she teach you Elune's Grace.","Speak to Priestess Alathea in Darnassus.","By devoting yourself to Elune and our people, you have attained a state that not all of us can achieve. It is tradition that you then be taught even greater abilities for your devotion. Do you accept?","","","","",""
5675,"Elune's Grace","Time's a wastin', $glad:lass;. It's time for you to return home to Darnassus. Priestess Alathea's sent word here that you're to return there for training. Seems they feel you're ready to be tested much like those who serve the Light. You should head out whenever you can. Alathea's message said that she'd be waitin' for you in the Temple of the Moon. Good luck.","Speak to Priestess Alathea in Darnassus.","Elune bless you for returning so quickly to us. This is an important time in your training, and a time that all of our order take very seriously. When you've rested from your journey here, please, let me know. We can then discuss the continuation of your training and where your path will lead you next.","","","","",""
5676,"Arcane Feedback","","","We were forced to learn some magics to protect us from what is commonly called our greatest enemy: the arcane.$B$BI would teach you a spell to help you defend yourself and your companions from those who would wield such power.","","","","",""
5677,"Arcane Feedback","As much as I'd like to show you our own special teachings of the Light, it is not our place. Your place is back in Stormwind with your own kind, $N... for now. Believe me, I mean no offense. When you return to High Priestess Laurena in the Cathedral of Light you'll understand what I'm talking about--the time has come for your race to prepare you for the future; to separate yourself from others that follow a similar path.","Speak to High Priestess Laurena in Stormwind.","We were forced to learn some magics to protect us from what is commonly called our greatest enemy: the arcane.$B$BI would teach you a spell to help you defend yourself and your companions from those who would wield such power.","","","","",""
5679,"Devouring Plague","","","I would teach you Devouring Plague if you feel you are prepared, $N. A spell of no small power, it will aid you in your coming battles. Practice with it--there will be tests later.","","","","",""
5680,"Shadowguard","","","Your rites will come soon enough. For now, I teach you a spell that will be of great use to you when you do battle with your enemies.","","","","",""
5713,"One Shot.  One Kill.","I was traveling to Auberdine with an important message when I was attacked by the furbolg Marosh and his trackers. During the attack I was poisoned, leaving me barely able to stand. I can make an antidote, but it will take time before it is ready.$B$BI would ask that you defend me until I can apply the antidote. I will aid you with my bow as best I can.$B$BShould we survive, I will be able deliver my message to Auberdine, while you speak with Onaeya at Maestra's Post to inform her of this incident.","Protect Sentinel Aynasha, then speak with Onaeya at Maestra's Post in Ashenvale.","You bring most welcome news $C. It is good to hear that Aynasha is alive and well thanks to you. I would hope that you might accept a reward for your valor. May Elune watch over you and light your path.","Protect Aynasha","","","",""
5721,"The Battle of Darrowshire","Now, $N, you will take part in battle of Darrowshire, and you will save Joseph Redpath.$B$BPlace this relic bundle in the Darrowshire town square, and the spirits of Darrowshire will rise.  Join their battle and assure that these two things come to pass: Davil must survive beyond the death of Horgus, and Redpath must survive to be corrupted, then defeated.$B$BAfter defeating the corrupted Redpath, his spirit will be saved.  Speak with him, then return to his daughter Pamela.","Place the Relic Bundle at the Darrowshire town square.$B$BPrevent Davil Lightfire's death until the death of Horgus.$B$BPrevent Captain Redpath's death until Redpath the Corrupted appears.$B$BDefeat Redpath the Corrupted.$B$BSpeak with the spirit of Joseph Redpath when he appears at the town square, then speak with Pamela at her home.","The fighting is over!  I heard my daddy whisper to me.  He scared away all the ghosts and he says he's coming home!  I'm so happy!$B$BHe also said I should welcome you if came to our house, so I made some tea!$B$BI hope you like lots of sugar!","Accept Redpath's Forgiveness","","","",""
5722,"Searching for the Lost Satchel","The troggs are not the only thing that interested Magatha in Ragefire Chasm. She has heard word that one of her servants, a Maur Grimtotem, found something peculiar while in the Chasm, but he never made it out to show her what. She'd like Maur's body found--if it still exists--and any signs of what he found while attempting to speak to the troggs.$B$BReturn to Magatha any items of interest, and I'm sure she would be very generous in her reward.$B$BAgain, seek the Chasm in the darkest areas of Orgrimmar.","Search Ragefire Chasm for Maur Grimtotem's corpse and search it for any items of interest.","The body looks seriously beaten by clubs or fists, but most of the corpse's clothing and equipment still looks present. It seems the troggs do not overly care much for material wealth.$B$BYou begin to search the body for anything of interest that might help Magatha.","","","","",""
5723,"Testing an Enemy's Strength","Beneath the city of Orgrimmar, stout creatures known as troggs started coming to the surface from deep below the lava filled tunnels. In her ever-benevolence, Magatha sought to make peace with the creatures, but they turned on her diplomats, killing them. She will not allow such treatment of the tauren people and now consider the creatures a threat to all of the Horde.$B$BShe asks that you put an end to this trogg threat before it overwhelms the Horde from below. Find Ragefire Chasm and destroy them all.","Search Orgrimmar for Ragefire Chasm, then kill 8 Ragefire Troggs and 8 Ragefire Shaman before returning to Rahauro in Thunder Bluff.","I am glad to see you took Magatha's task seriously. Thank you, $N. I'm sure the troggs will have a harder time coming to the surface with their numbers so greatly reduced.$B$BPerhaps in the future we can take time to figure out where such creatures came from, and what they really want.","","","","",""
5724,"Returning the Lost Satchel","You find a satchel under the body of the tauren. It is still gripped tightly in his arms as though he was trying to protect it while being attacked by the troggs.$B$BRemoving the satchel from his vice-like grip, you stow it with your own equipment and prepare to make your way out of the tunnels and back to Rahauro in Thunder Bluff.","Take the Grimtotem Satchel to Rahauro in Thunder Bluff.","Excellent, $N. Thank you.$B$BMagatha told me that if you were successful in finding her clansman that you be given this. Please, take it in thanks.","","","","",""
5725,"The Power to Destroy...","Many denizens of the Legion bestow gifts on their followers as you may well know. Some of these gifts the Dark Lady feels would be better off in her hands than in the hands of those with... lesser vision.$B$BA sect of the Shadow Council hidden in caverns below Orgrimmar known as the Searing Blade are a prime example. The Lady tells me that members of the Searing Blade have come into the possession of two powerful spell books--she would like to \"borrow\" these books from them. You will get them for her.","Bring the books Spells of Shadow and Incantations from the Nether to Varimathras in Undercity.","Good, $c. You have done well in serving the Dark Lady. Your continued perseverance and ambition will be of great use to the Lady's subjects. Return to me again in the future. Perhaps I will have other tasks for you that will aid the Dark Lady in her attempts at overtaking the Lich King and completely freeing the Scourge.","","","","",""
5726,"Hidden Enemies","One thing I will not tolerate are traitors in our midst, $N. But I would be a fool to play my hand so early--it would not sufficiently cut the corruption out of our lands and only cause the infection to grow worse.$B$BBut you, a young adventurer, could go places my agents could not... could learn the truth... could find the true head of the beast.$B$BIf you are brave enough, then enter Skull Rock to the east of Orgrimmar, find a lieutenant's insignia off one of the Burning Blade there, and return to me.","Bring a Lieutenant's Insignia to Thrall in Orgrimmar.","Good, $N! The spirits be praised, perhaps you are the one who will finally put my greatest fears to rest! Who would suspect someone so young and so brave would rise up and champion our cause? You remind me of myself when I was younger. I will ensure that you are justly rewarded for your efforts if we both survive the coming storm.$B$BBut there is time for more praise later. You've not accomplished anything in comparison to what you will face... but this is a good start.","","","","",""
5727,"Hidden Enemies","Now let us see if this insignia you found is worth the effort.$B$BThere is a warlock within the city who believes he has my trust. He does not know that I realize where his true loyalties lie. He is in fact the leader of the Burning Blade. But do not rush off to do battle with him; he has a purpose, and we shall use him against our enemies.$B$BTake this insignia to him in the Cleft of Shadow here in Orgrimmar, speak to him and see if he believes you are one of his own, then return to me here.","Take the Lieutenant's Insignia to Neeru Fireblade and speak to him. Gauge if he believes you are a member of the Burning Blade and then return to Thrall in Orgrimmar.","Excellent! Most excellent, $c!$B$BWhat you have done this day is only the first step in a much broader foundation--a foundation that we will build the destruction of the Shadow Council on, once and for all.$B$BTell me all he said... and leave not one word out--it may be more important than you realize.","Gauge Neeru Fireblade's reaction to you being a member of the Burning Blade","","","",""
5728,"Hidden Enemies","Hmm, leaders of the Searing Blade... this concerns me most. If they are the ones of value to Neeru, then those are who we must target first. This satyr... Bazzalan, and the other Neeru mentioned--what was he, a warlock?--must be slain.$B$BReturn to the Cleft of Shadow and enter Ragefire Chasm, $N. Find these two leaders of the Searing Blade, and kill them. But be careful not to let Neeru know it was you who did this. You must retain your identity as one of his $gbrothers:sisters; in arms.","Kill Bazzalan and Jergosh the Invoker before returning to Thrall in Orgrimmar.","I am glad you've returned, $N. Some of those loyal to me brought word immediately that the caverns below Orgrimmar were in disarray now that their leaders have been slain. I even heard reports that Neeru was more than agitated. It seems we've put a dent in his armor. I can't say I'm displeased... even with such a minor victory.","","","","",""
5729,"Hidden Enemies","I think our next step should be to have you placed close to Neeru. If he is as agitated as reports suggest, then we may accomplish two things. One, you may be able to gain some greater knowledge about the Council or at least the Burning Blade, and two, he may just begin to trust you enough that he asks you to start to aid him. He may very well look at you as someone who can fill the void now that some of the leadership is in turmoil.$B$BReturn to the Cleft and speak to him again, but do not be too overt.","Speak to Neeru Fireblade in Orgrimmar.","What is it?! Oh, you, $c... my apologies. My anger rivals that of a rabid kodo bull... but perhaps it is my own fault. In sending travelers into Ragefire Chasm, I should have seen the possibility that some harm would come from it. It seems both Bazzalan and Jergosh were taken unaware and slain by some of Thrall's do-gooders. A most inopportune time, but there is nothing that can be done about it now.","","","","",""
5730,"Hidden Enemies","You are one of my lieutenants! Prepare yourself, $c. I will call upon you soon.$B$BMy time spent on the Searing Blade may be all but wasted now, but that does not mean that the Shadow Council's schemes elsewhere must suffer. I will do what I can to minimize the damage here in Ragefire Chasm. In the meantime, I will have my agents in the Barrens and Ashenvale begin work on our newest agenda. Return to me soon.","Speak to Thrall in Orgrimmar and tell him what you've learned.","Ashenvale? Hmm, I had not heard of any presence of the Council or the Burning Blade in Ashenvale. My spies will investigate, $N. You have done well.$B$BFor now, rest, and keep yourself occupied with other tasks. I will call upon you again soon.$B$BLok-Tar Ogar!","","","","",""
5741,"Sceptre of Light","The Burning Blade in Thunder Axe Fortress to the east is rumored to have acquired the Sceptre of Light from the Naga. Legend tells that the sceptre is able to sink entire cities under the great seas. The Burning Blade must not be allowed to possess such power.$B$BTo that end, you must retrieve the sceptre yourself!  It is held by a Burning Blade seer, who studies the sceptre from atop one of the Thunder Axe watchtowers.\
","Get the Sceptre of Light and then return it to Azore Aldamort at the tower in Ethel Rethor.\
","The elusive Sceptre of Light!  Your acquisition of it has removed a grave threat to the world.  Well done, $c, well done.\
","","","","",""
5742,"Redemption","You have worked hard, friend. Rest your weary bones and allow me to properly introduce myself.\
","Listen to what Tirion Fordring has to say.","The Fordring redemption will be a difficult task. Are you prepared?","Tirion's Tale","","","",""
5761,"Slaying the Beast","The primary task set upon me by our great Warchief is to root out the creatures responsible for infesting our lord's great city with demonic influence. The Burning Blade is one threat, but there are others; the Searing Blade for instance, who make their home in Ragefire Chasm, secretly attempting to subvert innocent members of the Horde.$B$BIf they are to be stopped, then their leader must be slain--a Felguard named Taragaman the Hungerer.$B$BKill him, and his heart will appease Thrall, of this I'm sure.","Enter Ragefire Chasm and slay Taragaman the Hungerer, then bring his heart back to Neeru Fireblade in Orgrimmar.","Ha! You've done it! Thrall will be so pleased.$B$BI will ensure this heart is taken care of properly.$B$BFor now though, you must celebrate your victory. I will inform Thrall of your success.$B$BThank you for your aid, $c.","","","","",""
5762,"Hemet Nesingwary","I have a package for an old customer of mine, a dwarf named Hemet Nesingwary.  The package took weeks to arrive, and Hemet's long gone by now.  He said he was going to Stranglethorn to hunt the beasts there, but he left me some money to send his delivery when I could.  $B$BHemet's a rich dwarf and it's a good idea to keep up relations with the rich ones, yeah?  So... you want to deliver the package for me?$B$BI heard Hemet has a camp in Stranglethorn, north of Grom'gol.","Take Kravel's Crate to Hemet Nesingwary in Stranglethorn.","Great, my package from Koalbeard! Thank you $N. This crate holds special-gauge ammunition, and it'll serve us well out in the jungle!$b$bHere's your pay, and tell me, how is crusty old Kravel these days? Still up to no good I'd wager...","","","","",""
5763,"Hunting in Stranglethorn","Long ago, a dwarf came to this land.  His name was Hemet and he wished to hunt great beasts.  His skills with the rifle were uncanny, and we spent many days hunting together.  Even the enmity between our peoples was forgotten.$B$BWhen he left Desolace for Stranglethorn, I vowed to one day welcome him back so that we may hunt again.  Now is that time.$B$BTake this kodo horn to Hemet.  He will know it is from me.  You will find him in Stranglethorn, north of the Grom'gol Base camp.","Bring Roon's Kodo Horn to Hemet Nesingwary in Stranglethorn.","Ah, this horn belongs to a Tauren, Roon Wildmane.  He and I had a good time hunting the beasts of Desolace.  So Roon is inviting me back, is he?$B$BWe're neck deep in the jungle right now, but thank you, $N.  Perhaps my next expedition will take me back to Desolace, the land of the centaurs.","","","","",""
5781,"Of Forgotten Memories","To help Taelan regain what he has lost, you must gather items from his past.$B$BThe first such item is a toy that I gave to him on his 7th birthday. It was his most cherished possession: A miniature war hammer; an exact replica of my very own.$B$BAfter I was banished for treason, his mother told him that I had died. He was taken to my false grave at the Undercroft, where he buried the hammer along with my memory - forever.$B$BYou must venture to the Undercroft and recover Taelan's hammer.","Travel to the Undercroft - at the southernmost section of the Eastern Plaguelands - and recover Taelan's Hammer. Return to Tirion Fordring upon completion of your objective.","<Tirion blinks to hold back tears.>$B$BIt was destiny that we meet, $N. You have blessed me with your kindness.\
","","","","",""
5801,"Fire Plume Forged","You need two bars of thorium and a powerfully hot heat source to forge the key stem.  You're on your own for the thorium, but I can help with the heat.$B$BTo our west in Un'Goro Crater is Fire Plume Ridge - a simmering volcano.  The lava lake up top is hot enough to fuse thorium and bone together.  Your gold has bought you a mold that simply requires you to dip it in the lake up top; the lava will take care of the rest.$B$BThat's it on my end.  To finish your key, you'll need to talk to Arbington again.","Take the Skeleton Key Mold and 2 Thorium Bars to the top of Fire Plume Ridge in Un'Goro Crater.  Use the Skeleton Key Mold by the lava lake to forge the Unfinished Skeleton Key.$B$BBring the Unfinished Skeleton Key to Alchemist Arbington at Chillwind Point, Western Plaguelands.","We've got quite the costly skeleton key there, don't we $N? Still, it remains unfinished; the time has now come to put some focus behind our creation. To that end, you're going to have to face the ultimate foe we've been working towards facing in Andorhal... the being that runs the show within the ruined city walls.$b$bI'm speaking of Araj the Summoner - a lich, and one of the most powerful beings the Scourge calls as its own.","","","","",""
5802,"Fire Plume Forged","You need two bars of thorium and a powerfully hot heat source to forge the key stem.  You're on your own for the thorium, but I can help with the heat.$B$BTo our west in Un'Goro Crater is Fire Plume Ridge - a simmering volcano.  The lava lake up top is hot enough to fuse thorium and bone together.  Your gold has bought you a mold that simply requires you to dip it in the lake up top; the lava will take care of the rest.$B$BThat's it on my end.  To finish your key, you'll need to talk to Dithers again.","Take the Skeleton Key Mold and 2 Thorium Bars to the top of Fire Plume Ridge in Un'Goro Crater.  Use the Skeleton Key Mold by the lava lake to forge the Unfinished Skeleton Key.$B$BBring the Unfinished Skeleton Key to Apothecary Dithers at the Bulwark, Western Plaguelands.","We've got quite the costly skeleton key there, don't we $N? Still, it remains unfinished; the time has now come to put some focus behind our creation. To that end, you're going to have to face the ultimate foe we've been working towards facing in Andorhal... the being that runs the show within the ruined city walls.$b$bI'm speaking of Araj the Summoner - a lich, and one of the most powerful beings the Scourge calls as its own.","","","","",""
5803,"Araj's Scarab","Araj the Summoner lords over Andorhal from the ruined city's heart.  We know that he was the former leader of Scholomance before claiming the city as his own.  To finish the key, we will need his signet - called a scarab - mounted as the head of the key.$B$BMake your way into the heart of Andorhal, and break his hold on the city now that he is drawn into the open.  Once destroyed, seize his scarab from his fallen phylactery!$B$BThe Key to Scholomance awaits, $N!","Destroy Araj the Summoner and bring Araj's Scarab to Alchemist Arbington at Chillwind Point, Western Plaguelands.","Yes, this is it! I... again, I'm absolutely amazed at the depths of your cunning and bravery. It simply boggles the mind the lengths you are willing to go in order achieve victory.$b$bAllow me now to play my small part in this. I've prepared a special solvent that should allow me to secure the scarab on as the head of the key, infusing it with the power to breech the locked door of Scholomance.$b$bThis should take just a moment...","","","","",""
5804,"Araj's Scarab","Araj the Summoner lords over Andorhal from the ruined city's heart.  We know that he was the former leader of Scholomance before claiming the city as his own.  To finish the key, we will need his signet - called a scarab - mounted as the head of the key.$B$BMake your way into the heart of Andorhal, and break his hold on the city now that he is drawn into the open.  Once destroyed, seize his scarab from his fallen phylactery!$B$BThe Key to Scholomance awaits, $N!","Destroy Araj the Summoner and bring Araj's Scarab to Apothecary Dithers at the Bulwark, Western Plaguelands.","Yes, this is it! I... again, I'm absolutely amazed at the depths of your cunning and bravery. It simply boggles the mind the lengths you are willing to go in order achieve victory.$b$bAllow me now to play my small part in this. I've prepared a special solvent that should allow me to secure the scarab on as the head of the key, infusing it with the power to breech the locked door of Scholomance.$b$bThis should take just a moment...","","","","",""
5805,"Welcome!","Welcome to the World of Warcraft!$B$BAs special thanks for purchasing the World of Warcraft Collector's Edition, turn in this gift voucher to Merissa Stilwell in Northshire Valley.  You'll then be given a gift: a little companion to join you on your quest for adventure and glory.$B$BThanks again, and enjoy your stay in the World of Warcraft!\
","Bring the Northshire Gift Voucher to Merissa Stilwell.","You are indeed a special hero, $N. We welcome you to the world of Azeroth, and offer you one of these unique gifts!","","","","",""
5821,"Bodyguard for Hire ","Under normal circumstances, Rigger and I would lead our kodo past the Kolkar Centaur. Every now and then we hear the Centaur war drums, and when we hear those we stop. It's not good for business to be dead!$B$BI'll tell you what $c, if you protect us past the Kolkar village we'll make it worth your while.$B$BIt's just a short distance, all you need to do is keep the caravan intact and you can pick up your reward from Smeed Scrabblescrew - he is down the road a bit. We do a little business together.","Escort the Gizelton Caravan past the Kolkar Centaur village. Talk with Smeed at Scrabblescrew's Camp for your reward.","You know, it doesn't seem prosperous to be paying the likes of you to guard Gizelton Caravan. $C, if I were a bit taller I could take on a second job and sit kodo-side-saddle with the biggest gun my hands could carry... and I'd show them blasted centaur who's their papa.","Escort Gizelton Caravan past Kolkar Centaur Village","","","",""
5841,"Welcome!","Welcome to the World of Warcraft!$B$BAs special thanks for purchasing the World of Warcraft Collector's Edition, turn in this gift voucher to Yori Crackhelm in Coldridge Valley.  You'll then be given a gift: a little companion to join you on your quest for adventure and glory.$B$BThanks again, and enjoy your stay in the World of Warcraft!","Bring the Coldridge Valley Gift Voucher to Yori Crackhelm.","You are indeed a special hero, $N. We welcome you to the world of Azeroth, and offer you one of these unique gifts!","","","","",""
5842,"Welcome!","Welcome to the World of Warcraft!$B$BAs special thanks for purchasing the World of Warcraft Collector's Edition, turn in this gift voucher to Orenthil Whisperwind in Shadowglen.  You'll then be given a gift: a little companion to join you on your quest for adventure and glory.$B$BThanks again, and enjoy your stay in the World of Warcraft!","Bring the Shadowglen Gift Voucher to Orenthil Whisperwind.","You are indeed a special hero, $N. We welcome you to the world of Azeroth, and offer you one of these unique gifts!","","","","",""
5843,"Welcome!","Welcome to the World of Warcraft!$B$BAs special thanks for purchasing the World of Warcraft Collector's Edition, turn in this gift voucher to Magga in the Valley of Trials.  You'll then be given a gift: a little companion to join you on your quest for adventure and glory.$B$BThanks again, and enjoy your stay in the World of Warcraft!","Bring the Valley of Trials Gift Voucher to Magga.","You are indeed a special hero, $N. We welcome you to the world of Azeroth, and offer you one of these unique gifts!","","","","",""
5844,"Welcome!","Welcome to the World of Warcraft!$B$BAs special thanks for purchasing the World of Warcraft Collector's Edition, turn in this gift voucher to Vorn Skyseer in Camp Narache.  You'll then be given a gift: a little companion to join you on your quest for adventure and glory.$B$BThanks again, and enjoy your stay in the World of Warcraft!","Bring the Camp Narache Gift Voucher to Vorn Skyseer.","You are indeed a special hero, $N. We welcome you to the world of Azeroth, and offer you one of these unique gifts!","","","","",""
5845,"Of Lost Honor","The Order of the Silver Hand was utterly decimated when Uther was slain.$B$BThe boy held out for as long as he could. Pushed to the war torn hamlet of Northdale, he made his final stand.$B$BWere any of the Order left alive, he thought - and did it matter?$B$BIt was with that thought that Taelan threw down the standard of the Order and renounced all that he had known. His honor left upon the blood soaked ground of Northdale.$B$BYou must travel to Northdale and recover that symbol of lost honor.","Travel to Northdale, in the northeastern region of the Eastern Plaguelands, and recover the Symbol of Lost Honor. Return to Tirion Fordring upon completion of your objective.","It is as glorious now - even in its tattered state - as the day I looked upon it and took my oath of allegiance.$B$BHis redemption comes and perhaps mine with it...","","","","",""
5846,"Of Love and Family","When Taelan was a child, we would oft visit Caer Darrow on family excursions. On our last visit, an artist by the name of Renfray painted a portrait of us poised along the beachside. It is my fondest memory of both Taelan and Karandra. For it was at that moment, with my wife and son in my arms, that I felt a bond of love and family that I would never know again.$B$BIf this painting still exists, you must find it.$B$BTravel to the ruined island of Caer Darrow and see if the painting or the artist remain.","Travel to island of Caer Darrow, in the south-central region of the Plaguelands, and look for any clues as to the whereabouts of the painting.","How could I forget? Many of the spirits on this island are cursed to relive their last happy memory before they met their tragic end.$B$BI too am cursed, but not as they - I am one of the few that remembers all...$B$BPerhaps this thing that you ask me is why I haunt these ruins. Perhaps this thing I tell you shall set me free.","","","","",""
5847,"Welcome!","Welcome to the World of Warcraft!$B$BAs special thanks for purchasing the World of Warcraft Collector's Edition, turn in this gift voucher to Claire Willower in Deathknell.  You'll then be given a gift: a little companion to join you on your quest for adventure and glory.$B$BThanks again, and enjoy your stay in the World of Warcraft!","Bring the Deathknell Gift Voucher to Claire Willower in Deathknell.","You are indeed a special hero, $N. We welcome you to the world of Azeroth, and offer you one of these unique gifts!","","","","",""
5848,"Of Love and Family","The painting... It hung on the wall of my workshop - inside the Order's barracks - for years.$B$BAfter Tirion's trial was over, I knew that I could no longer keep the painting visible. I hid it in a place that they would never think to look.$B$BTravel to Stratholme and make your way deep inside what is now the Scarlet Bastion, search for a painting of our twin moons. Chip away at the paint until you uncover my master work, 'Of Love and Family.'$B$BMay the Light guide your actions.","Travel to Stratholme, in the northern part of the Plaguelands. It is in the Scarlet Bastion that you will find the painting 'Of Love and Family,' hidden behind another painting depicting the twin moons of our world.$B$BReturn the painting to Tirion Fordring.","<Tirion nearly collapses when he sees the painting.>$B$B<He begins to sob in an almost frenetic manner.>","","","","",""
5861,"Find Myranda","$N, you have done all that I have asked thus far. Only one step remains in your quest of redemption.$B$BYou must deliver the items you have collected to Taelan. Unfortunately, Taelan and his Scarlet Crusaders will attack you on sight.$B$BThere is only one way in which to deliver my message and that is through a guise of deception.$B$BTo the south you will find Uther's tomb. An old and trusted confidant of mine, Myranda, now resides there - seek her out. Show her the items and she will assist you.","Travel to Uther's Tomb, located in the southern Plaguelands. Show Myranda the Hag Tirion's Gift.","I was Tirion's most trusted advisor when he held rank as Lord of Mardenholde. I openly dissented the verdict passed by the Order of the Silver Hand and was banished for my insolence.$B$BHe has been through much heart ache and disappointment in his life, $r. Are you prepared to right the wrongs set upon the Fordrings?","","","","",""
5862,"Scarlet Subterfuge","I am what you would call, an illusionist. Though I may be able to create an illusion to allow you entry into Hearthglen, be warned; my powers have their limitations.$B$BShould you travel too far from these lands, the effects of the illusion will cease. The spell itself takes a great amount of concentration and power from me, and thus, I can only sustain the effect for a short time.$B$BSpeak to me again when you are ready.","Speak to Myranda to gain the Scarlet Illusion. Travel to Hearthglen while under the Scarlet Illusion and deliver Tirion's Gift to Highlord Taelan Fordring.$B$BHearthglen is to the north, Taelan should be inside of Mardenholde Keep.","What is this, soldier?$B$B<Taelan opens the box and begins to examine its contents.>$B$BThis... this cannot be true. But all that you have shown me...$B$B<Taelan falls to one knee, his heartbeat quickens. The fury of ages is about to be loosed upon this town.>","","","","",""
5863,"The Dunemaul Compound","Just recently, a large bank of nomadic ogres arrived in Tanaris. South of here, they have taken over a large area of the desert and formed a compound. Several smaller bands are currently wandering the desert, some of which have invaded the old troll ruins.$B$BThe Dunemaul Compound must be destroyed! We cannot allow these ogres to build up a force.$B$BThe leader of this band is named Gor'marok the Ravager; I believe that putting an end to his leadership will be the beginning of the end for the ogres.","Andi Lynn in Gadgetzan wants you to destroy the Dunemaul Compound by killing 10 Dunemaul Brutes, 10 Dunemaul Enforcers, and Gor'marok the Ravager.","I'm so glad you were able to do this for me, $N! Thanks for your help!","","","","",""
5881,"Calling in the Reserves","The Horde does well keeping our troops fresh... since the Great War we have been prosperous here in Kalimdor.$B$BI need you to do me a favor, I have a lad by the name of Grish Longrunner protecting the Great Lift in the southern barrens. Give him this letter; the letter will let him know that I have a reserve warrior coming to relieve him of duty so that he can visit his family. He requested this sometime ago and he would be happy to hear the news.","Maggran wishes you to deliver a letter to Grish Longrunner at the Great Lift in the Barrens.","This is great news; I have been sitting here guarding this hunk of wood for too long. Now I can spend some time with my family... Yippee!","","","","",""
5882,"Salve via Hunting","","","Very well then, here are your Cenarion plant salves.  Scour Felwood for corrupted plants, $N!  Wherever they are, use the salve I have given you to purify them. ","","","","",""
5883,"Salve via Mining","","","Very well then, here's some Cenarion plant salve. If you find more vitriol when you mine in Felwood, remember to hold on to it for me! The more of it you find, the more salve I will be able to make.","","","","",""
5884,"Salve via Gathering","","","Excellent work $n - every bit of this, once we purify it, will help us take back Felwood. Here, take some doses of Cenarion plant salve and head into the forest. The reclaiming of the land from the corruption waits for no $r!","","","","",""
5885,"Salve via Skinning","","","This is exactly what I need. Here - take these plant salves and use them to reclaim Felwood from the corruption. We must persevere, $n!","","","","",""
5886,"Salve via Disenchanting","","","Here are some Cenarion plant salves - I only need one lesser nether essence for this, $n. Essence is by far the most potent item I can make use of to turn swords into plowshares, as it were. If you need more salve, then find me here!","","","","",""
5887,"Salve via Hunting","","","Very well then, here are your Cenarion plant salves. Scour Felwood for corrupted plants, $n! Wherever they are, use the salve I have given you to purify them.",\N,"","","",""
5888,"Salve via Mining","","","Very well then, here's some Cenarion plant salve. If you find more vitriol when you mine in Felwood, remember to hold on to it for me! The more of it you find, the more salve I will be able to make.",\N,"","","",""
5889,"Salve via Gathering","","","Excellent work $n - every bit of this, once we purify it, will help us take back Felwood. Here, take some doses of Cenarion plant salve and head into the forest. The reclaiming of the land from the corruption waits for no $r!",\N,"","","",""
5890,"Salve via Skinning","","","This is exactly what I need. Here - take these plant salves and use them to reclaim Felwood from the corruption. We must persevere, $n!",\N,"","","",""
5891,"Salve via Disenchanting","","","Here are some Cenarion plant salves - I only need one lesser nether essence for this, $n. Essence is by far the most potent item I can make use of to turn swords into plowshares, as it were. If you need more salve, then find me here!",\N,"","","",""
5901,"A Plague Upon Thee","So, to bring pain and strife to the Scarlet Crusade, I want to take their precious lumber mill from them. I'm sure the loss of such a resource will cause them a great deal of harm in defending and rebuilding the town for their own reasons. Will you help me, $N?$B$BStart by taking this jar to Plaguewood in the Eastern Plaguelands. Fill it with the termites you find in their mounds throughout the woods. Come back when you have enough.","Use the Empty Termite Jar on the Termite Mounds in Eastern Plaguelands. After you've gathered 100 Plagueland Termites, return to Mickey Levine at the Bulwark in Tirisfal Glades.","These will do nicely, $N. Thank you.$B$BIf you're ready, we can get on with the next step.","","","","",""
5902,"A Plague Upon Thee","Now that we have plenty of termites, take this steel reinforced barrel to the Northridge Lumber Mill south of Hearthglen--you'll find it to the west of the road that leads you up to the town.$B$BOnce there, place the barrel in the center of the lumber mill; someplace high, like on a crate or something.$B$BAfter you open it, the rest should take care of itself. Just come back here and I'll reward you for helping me.","Find someplace suitable in the center of the Northridge Lumber Mill in Western Plaguelands to place the Barrel of Plagueland Termites.","The termites are obviously getting restless as you place the barrel on top of the crate.","","","","",""
5903,"A Plague Upon Thee","I've tried many times to rout out the Scarlet Crusade through force alone, but to no avail. So, as an alternative, I've decided to make their lives more difficult.$B$BIf you are willing to help, I want to infest that lumber mill with the most terrible species of termites ever found.$B$BIn Plaguewood, near the once-great Stratholme, there is a breed that survived the plague and the Scourge combined. Find their mounds and fill this jar with them, so we can prepare them to be unleashed on the Crusade.","Use the Empty Termite Jar on the Termite Mounds in Eastern Plaguelands. After you've gathered 100 Plagueland Termites, return to Nathaniel Dumah at Chillwind Camp in Western Plaguelands.","These will do nicely, $N. Thank you. Just look at them... so many of them all huddled up. I almost feel bad for the Crusade, but then again, it was never their mill to take, now, was it?","","","","",""
5904,"A Plague Upon Thee","Now that we have the termites, take this steel reinforced barrel to the Northridge Lumber Mill south of Hearthglen--you'll find it to the west of the road that leads you up to the town.$B$BOnce there, place the barrel in the center of the lumber mill; find someplace suitable, like on a crate and then open it. The termites should do their work from there and make the mill useless to the Crusade.","Find someplace suitable in the center of the Northridge Lumber Mill in Western Plaguelands to place the Barrel of Plagueland Termites.","The termites are obviously getting restless as you place the barrel on top of the crate.","","","","",""
5921,"Moonglade","All druids are welcome in the sacred lands of Moonglade, regardless of the current tensions in the Cenarion Circle between Arch Druid Staghelm and Keeper Remulos - Moonglade's guardian.  Now that you're learning the ways of the Claw, I'll teach you the spell that lets you transport yourself there.  Cast it whenever you seek Moonglade's knowledge or solace.$B$BAs for your first lesson, travel to Moonglade and speak with Dendrite Starblaze in Nighthaven about the path you're now on.  Good luck, young druid.","Use the spell \"Teleport: Moonglade\" to travel to Moonglade.  When you arrive, speak with Dendrite Starblaze in the village of Nighthaven.","\"And so it begins. Father Cenarius. And so it begins.\"$B$BDendrite makes a quick, invisible gesture in the air above him. A slight aura of power falls over him.$B$B\"The first perspective of nature you must adapt to is that of the bear. I will put you on the path to understanding this aspect of druidic life, but it is you that must embrace it and propagate it - now and forever!\"","","","","",""
5922,"Moonglade","All druids are welcomed to the sacred lands of Moonglade, tauren and night elf alike.  Keeper Remulos - Moonglade's guardian - keeps watch over all druids who hibernate there.  Now that you're learning the ways of the Claw, I'll teach you the spell that lets you transport yourself there.  Cast it whenever you seek Moonglade's knowledge or solace.$B$BAs for your first lesson, travel to Moonglade and speak with Dendrite Starblaze in Nighthaven about the path you're now on.  Good luck, young druid.","Use the spell \"Teleport: Moonglade\" to travel to Moonglade.  When you arrive, speak with Dendrite Starblaze in the village of Nighthaven.","\"And so it begins. Father Cenarius. And so it begins.\"$B$BDendrite makes a quick, invisible gesture in the air above him. A slight aura of power falls over him.$B$B\"The first perspective of nature you must adapt to is that of the bear. I will put you on the path to understanding this aspect of druidic life, but it is you that must embrace it and propagate it - now and forever!\"","","","","",""
5923,"Heeding the Call","Excuse me, friend...$B$BIt has come to my attention that Mathrengyl Bearwalker has put out word that he wishes to speak with you.  It seems that your training as a druid is about to take on a new life, and he will be training you personally.  Mathrengyl is the direct assistant to the Arch Druid himself, and is one of the most sage and august druids you'll find in Teldrassil.$B$BHe is located in the Cenarion Enclave of Darnassus, on the second floor of Fandral Staghelm's tree.","Speak with Mathrengyl Bearwalker in the Cenarion Enclave, Darnassus.","I am glad you found your way here today. young $C. The time has come for you to take a large step into a much larger world.$B$BInside each of Cenarius' children is the call to serve nature. Animals and plants are our friends as well as our charges. We choose to devote our lives as preservers of balance for their sakes as well as our own. Your first step into this world will be to learn of the ways of the bear, and to learn strength of body and heart.$B$BReady yourself!","","","","",""
5924,"Heeding the Call","Excuse me, friend...$B$BIt has come to my attention that Mathrengyl Bearwalker has put out word that he wishes to speak with you.  It seems that your training as a druid is about to take on a new life, and he will be training you personally.  Mathrengyl is the direct assistant to the Arch Druid himself, and is one of the most sage and august druids you'll find in Teldrassil.$B$BHe is located in the Cenarion Enclave of Darnassus, on the second floor of Fandral Staghelm's tree.","Speak with Mathrengyl Bearwalker in the Cenarion Enclave, Darnassus.","I am glad you found your way here today. young $C. The time has come for you to take a large step into a much larger world.$B$BInside each of Cenarius' children is the call to serve nature. Animals and plants are our friends as well as our charges. We choose to devote our lives as preservers of balance for their sakes as well as our own. Your first step into this world will be to learn of the ways of the bear, and to learn strength of body and heart.$B$BReady yourself!","","","","",""
5925,"Heeding the Call","Excuse me, friend...$B$BIt has come to my attention that Mathrengyl Bearwalker has put out word that he wishes to speak with you.  It seems that your training as a druid is about to take on a new life, and he will be training you personally.  Mathrengyl is the direct assistant to the Arch Druid himself, and is one of the most sage and august druids you'll find in Teldrassil.$B$BHe is located in the Cenarion Enclave of Darnassus, on the second floor of Fandral Staghelm's tree.","Speak with Mathrengyl Bearwalker in the Cenarion Enclave, Darnassus.","I am glad you found your way here today. young $C. The time has come for you to take a large step into a much larger world.$B$BInside each of Cenarius' children is the call to serve nature. Animals and plants are our friends as well as our charges. We choose to devote our lives as preservers of balance for their sakes as well as our own. Your first step into this world will be to learn of the ways of the bear, and to learn strength of body and heart.$B$BReady yourself!","","","","",""
5926,"Heeding the Call","Excuse me, friend...$B$BIt has come to my attention that Turak Runetotem has put out word that he wishes to speak with you.  It seems that your training as a druid is about to take on a new life, and he will be training you personally.  Turak is one of the Arch Druid's assistants; he is known as a wise and patient druid, and he should teach you well.$B$BHe is located in Thunder Bluff, inside the Cenarion Circle's main tent on the Elder Rise.","Speak with Turak Runetotem on the Elder Rise of Thunder Bluff.","I am glad you found your way here today. young $C. The time has come for you to take a large step into a much larger world.$B$BInside each of Cenarius' children is the call to serve nature. Animals and plants are our friends as well as our charges. We choose to devote our lives as preservers of balance for their sakes as well as our own. Your first step into this world will be to learn of the ways of the bear, and to learn strength of body and heart.$B$BReady yourself!","","","","",""
5927,"Heeding the Call","Excuse me, friend...$B$BIt has come to my attention that Turak Runetotem has put out word that he wishes to speak with you.  It seems that your training as a druid is about to take on a new life, and he will be training you personally.  Turak is one of the Arch Druid's assistants; he is known as a wise and patient druid, and he should teach you well.$B$BHe is located in Thunder Bluff, inside the Cenarion Circle's main tent on the Elder Rise.","Speak with Turak Runetotem on the Elder Rise of Thunder Bluff.","I am glad you found your way here today. young $C. The time has come for you to take a large step into a much larger world.$B$BInside each of Cenarius' children is the call to serve nature. Animals and plants are our friends as well as our charges. We choose to devote our lives as preservers of balance for their sakes as well as our own. Your first step into this world will be to learn of the ways of the bear, and to learn strength of body and heart.$B$BReady yourself!","","","","",""
5928,"Heeding the Call","Excuse me, friend...$B$BIt has come to my attention that Turak Runetotem has put out word that he wishes to speak with you.  It seems that your training as a druid is about to take on a new life, and he will be training you personally.  Turak is one of the Arch Druid's assistants; he is known as a wise and patient druid, and he should teach you well.$B$BHe is located in Thunder Bluff, inside the Cenarion Circle's main tent on the Elder Rise.","Speak with Turak Runetotem on the Elder Rise of Thunder Bluff.","I am glad you found your way here today. young $C. The time has come for you to take a large step into a much larger world.$B$BInside each of Cenarius' children is the call to serve nature. Animals and plants are our friends as well as our charges. We choose to devote our lives as preservers of balance for their sakes as well as our own. Your first step into this world will be to learn of the ways of the bear, and to learn strength of body and heart.$B$BReady yourself!","","","","",""
5929,"Great Bear Spirit","In the northwest part of Moonglade resides the home of a wise and noble being we call the Great Bear Spirit.  For all druids, it has served as a tutor and mentor into the first true natural understanding of the bear.  All druids at one point seek the spirit's wisdom, and you shall be no exception.$B$BGo to the Great Bear Spirit now and learn what it will teach.  When it is satisfied with you, return to me here in Nighthaven.  We will then see if you have truly taken account of the lessons it teaches.","Seek out the Great Bear Spirit in northwestern Moonglade and learn what it has to share with you about the nature of the bear.  When finished, return to Dendrite Starblaze in Nighthaven, Moonglade.","Dendrite makes another invisible gesture in the air above him as you approach. Another aura of power comes over him. and he smiles ever so slightly.$B$B\"I sense wisdom in you, young one, that was not present when we first met. You gaze upon me with strength and knowing intent, though this intent is yet not focused. You will now learn to focus your strength and adopt the nature of the bear into your work.\"","Seek out the Great Bear Spirit and learn what it has to share with you about the nature of the bear.","","","",""
5930,"Great Bear Spirit","In the northwest part of Moonglade resides the home of a wise and noble being we call the Great Bear Spirit.  For all druids, it has served as a tutor and mentor into the first true natural understanding of the bear.  All druids at one point seek the spirit's wisdom, and you shall be no exception.$B$BGo to the Great Bear Spirit now and learn what it will teach.  When it is satisfied with you, return to me here in Nighthaven.  We will then see if you have truly taken account of the lessons it teaches.","Seek out the Great Bear Spirit in northwestern Moonglade and learn what it has to share with you about the nature of the bear.  When finished, return to Dendrite Starblaze in Nighthaven, Moonglade.","Dendrite makes another invisible gesture in the air above him as you approach. Another aura of power comes over him. and he smiles ever so slightly.$B$B\"I sense wisdom in you, young one, that was not present when we first met. You gaze upon me with strength and knowing intent, though this intent is yet not focused. You will now learn to focus your strength and adopt the nature of the bear into your work.\"","Seek out the Great Bear Spirit and learn what it has to share with you about the nature of the bear.","","","",""
5931,"Back to Darnassus","The time has come for us to part ways, young one, as the application of your lessons takes you back to whom that sent you to me.  Mathrengyl Bearwalker walks truly in balance with nature, even as he dwells precariously close to where the balance has faltered.  Listen to his instructions, and you will soon complete your first lessons into your role as a protector of balance.$B$BGo now, young one.  We shall meet again.","Return to Darnassus and speak with Mathrengyl Bearwalker in the Cenarion Enclave.","Welcome back, $N. I sense that your first meeting with the Great Bear Spirit is the same as it is with all druids when they first start down the path of the Claw... a little bewildering, but very intense. I know it was that way with me.$B$BThe Great Bear Spirit has been a part of Azeroth as long as Azeroth has existed in the heavens. We have come to rely on its wisdom and its power to fuel our purpose. Now, the time has now come for your first test of this purpose. Listen closely...","","","","",""
5932,"Back to Thunder Bluff","The time has come for us to part ways, young one, as the application of your lessons takes you back to whom that sent you to me.  Though the tauren are thought to be young in the ways of Cenarius, Turak Runetotem walks with much balance in the presence of nature.  Listen to his instructions, and you will soon complete your first lessons into your role as a protector of balance.$B$BGo now, young one.  We shall meet again.","Return to Thunder Bluff and speak with Turak Runetotem on the Elder Rise.","Welcome back, $N. I sense that your first meeting with the Great Bear Spirit is the same as it is with all druids when they first start down the path of the Claw... a little bewildering, but very intense. I know it was that way with me.$B$BThe Great Bear Spirit has been a part of Azeroth as long as Azeroth has existed in the heavens. We tauren listen closely to such spirits, and we all prosper from its purpose. Now, the time has now come for your first test of this purpose. Listen closely...","","","","",""
5941,"Return to Chromie","You have gathered many relics of the battle of Darrowshire.  Each time you returned with more, my heart yearned for my village... yearned to protect it from its fate.$B$BI know that cannot be, but Chromie, that strange gnome in Andorhal, tells me it is possible.  She says you can save Darrowshire!$B$BShe asked me to gather together the relics, and to have you bring them to her.  She said that she awaits you in the ruined inn of Andorhal.","Take the Bundle of Relics to Chromie in Andorhal.","Ah yes, there they are. Together they weave a powerful spell, one that will raise the spirits of Darrowshire.$b$bWith that spell, and with a little luck, we can save Joseph Redpath!","","","","",""
5942,"Hidden Treasures","Daddy told me to give you this key.  He said it opens a chest out back behind the house.$B$BHe also wanted me to thank you.  Did you do a favor for him?  Did you tell him you found my doll?$B$BWell here's the key.  And thank you $N.  Thank you!  You're a very nice $gman:lady;!","Bring Joseph's Key to Joseph's Chest.","The key fits the lock, and the chest opens...","","","","",""
5943,"Gizelton Caravan","You look like a capable $r. Perhaps you're looking to make some money? Cork and I started this caravan to make a bundle of money; little did we know the dangers of turning a buck!$B$BUp ahead is Mannoroc Coven... normally the demons ignore us but something has the kodos spooked this time. I'll pay you to protect the caravan past Mannoroc Coven. Once we are safely past you can receive your reward from our business associate Smeed at Scrabblescrew's Camp.","Escort the Gizelton Caravan through Mannoroc Coven. Talk with Smeed at Scrabblescrew's Camp for your reward.","Not sure it's a prosperous proposition to be paying so much money to protect the Gizelton Caravan. Cork and Rigger only make one gold piece a week, but as long as they keep paying for my kodos I can care less how they run their business.","Escort Gizelton Caravan past Mannoroc Coven","","","",""
5944,"In Dreams","For so long, I have been a puppet of the Grand Crusader. What reason was there to fight against what the Scarlet Crusade had become? It has been decades, yet the memories of my father; those precious memories, they are what have kept me alive.$B$BI have dreams, stranger. In these dreams my father is with me. He stands proudly at my side as I am inducted into the Order. We battle legion of Scourge, side by side. We bring honor to the Alliance, to Lordaeron.$B$BI want not to dream anymore.$B$BTake me to him.","Escort Taelan Fordring out of Hearthglen.","The death of my son at the hands of these monsters will not pass without incident. Take solace in knowing that the Order is reborn.$B$BI now take my place as Highlord of the new Order of the Silver Hand.$B$BThese possessions of my past - they are all that I have to offer for all that you have done. Please, take these as a symbol of my gratitude; all have served me well over the years.$B$BMay we meet again, in better times, and reminisce of days long past... battles hard fought... dreams redeemed.","Redemption?","","","",""
5961,"The Champion of the Banshee Queen","It pleases me greatly to see the battle hardened join our cause. Our numbers grow in size and strength as each day passes. Perhaps you are prepared to test your mettle, $c?$B$BAmong the first of my champions was Nathanos, now known as the Blightcaller. Few exist with more dedication or vigor amidst our ranks.$B$BSeek him out in the Eastern Plaguelands. He resides at the Marris Stead; occasionally roaming the decimated wastes, slaying all Scourge and Alliance filth that cross his path.","Speak with Nathanos Blightcaller in the Eastern Plaguelands. He is said to have taken up residence at the Marris Stead.\
","Surely the Dark Lady does not believe you worthy to meet her champion. You are here to feed my hounds, yes? There could be no other reason for this interruption.","","","","",""
5981,"Rampaging Giants","Around 4,000 years ago, Tyrande Whisperwind saved the life of the frostsaber queen, at the hands of rampaging giants. Since then, the frostsabers have been allies of the night elves.$B$BThese same giants that once were a danger to the frostsabers, still exist not too far from here. They are called the frostmaul, and they have taken over the large valley to the south.$B$BProve your loyalty to the frostsabers; kill these giants in the name of the frostsaber queen, Shy-Rotam!","Rivern Frostwind wants you to kill 4 Frostmaul Giants and 4 Frostmaul Preservers.","Excellent, $N. Your determination has been duly noted.","","","","",""
6000,"Swearing to Gakin","$N! I would not have expected to see you in the area were however instructed to hold after you look out.$B$BHighest one time of your training is continued. With the next attendance in Stormwind should you with Gakin clean-look. $B$BIt will expect you.","Announces you to Gakin the Darkbinder in the Magic quarter of Stormwind.","",\N,\N,\N,\N,\N
6001,"Body and Heart","Directly east of Auberdine lay many moonkin caves.  The one closest to Auberdine has a Moonkin Stone inside it.  Lunaclaw, the defender of the stone, will face you only when Cenarion Moondust is applied to it.  Lunaclaw possesses within it a strength that you must use as one of the Claw.$B$BYou've earned the right to use this Cenarion Moondust, $N... now show me that you've earned the right to possess the strength of body and the strength of heart needed as a druid!","Use the Cenarion Moondust on the Moonkin Stone of Auberdine to bring forth Lunaclaw.  From there, you must face Lunaclaw and earn the strength of body and heart it possesses.$B$BSpeak with Mathrengyl Bearwalker in Darnassus when you are done.","You have finally taken your large step into a much larger world, $N. I sense the teaching of the Great Bear Spirit within you, and I sense that you have received the strength that Lunaclaw possessed.$B$BThere are no further obstacles in your way... let me now teach you what it means to be a $C of the Claw!","Face Lunaclaw and earn the strength of body and heart it possesses.","Face Lunaclaw and earn the strength of body and heart it possesses.","","",""
6002,"Body and Heart","On land west of Taurajo in the Barrens - just before it turns into Mulgore - lies a Moonkin Stone.  The moonkin are special beasts, not native to these parts.  Lunaclaw, the stone's defender, will face you when Cenarion Lunardust is applied to it.  Lunaclaw possesses within it a strength that you must use as one of the Claw.$B$BYou've earned the right to use this Cenarion Lunardust, $N... now show me that you've earned the right to possess the strength of body and the strength of heart needed as a druid!","Use the Cenarion Lunardust on the Moonkin Stone between Mulgore and the Barrens to bring forth Lunaclaw.  From there, you must face Lunaclaw and earn the strength of body and heart it possesses.$B$BSpeak with Turak Runetotem in Thunder Bluff when you are done.","You have finally taken your large step into a much larger world, $N. I sense the teaching of the Great Bear Spirit within you, and I sense that you have received the strength that Lunaclaw possessed.$B$BThere are no further obstacles in your way... let me now teach you what it means to be a $C of the Claw!","Face Lunaclaw and earn the strength of body and heart it possesses.","Face Lunaclaw and earn the strength of body and heart it possesses.","","",""
6004,"Unfinished Business","I was sent as a scout to do some damage and gauge the strength of Hearthglen's defenses. Some people in the Alliance feel the little town has more than historical importance. It's not my job to question what that importance is, but regardless, I'm in no shape to continue until I rest up.$B$BIf you're willing, I'd pay handsomely for some help. Start south of here at their camp near the small bulwark they've set up. If you prove strong enough, maybe I could get your help with my main goal.","Kill 2 Scarlet Medics, 2 Scarlet Hunters, 2 Scarlet Magi and 2 Scarlet Knights before returning to Kirsta Deepshadow in Western Plaguelands.","Well done, $N. I'm amazed you dealt with them so quickly. Thank you.$B$BI have yet to meet anyone that approves of the Scarlet Crusade and their methods. I believe in the Light as much as anyone else in Stormwind, but they've demonstrated that they only want to kill anyone not loyal to their movement... even innocents.","","","","",""
6021,"Zaeldarr the Outcast","Can you believe that, after all the trouble we have in the plaguelands... we have to worry about thieves too?  And not just normal thieves, troll thieves.$B$BAnd not just normal troll thieves.  Dead troll thieves!$B$BThey're led by this big, dead troll named Zaeldarr the Outcast, and they come here at night and steal bodies from the pit below, then take them back to their evil, dead troll hideout--the Undercroft to the west.$B$BGo there and take out Zaeldarr, $N.  I'm sick to death of his mischief!","Bring Zaeldarr's Head to Caretaker Alen at Light's Hope Chapel.","Great, you got him!  And I hope you taught his gang a lesson too!","","","","",""
6022,"To Kill With Purpose","You kill with purpose while you remain on my stead.$B$BYour first task is to feed my hounds.$B$BTake this mortar and pestle and travel to Corin's Crossing. Once there, you will find a robust selection of Scourge to slaughter. From their fresh carcasses I need living rot. Take that living rot and grind it up in the mortar, then let it sit to coagulate. Bring the coagulated rot back here.$B$BAnd imbecile, realize that living rot from the undead doesn't remain 'living' for very long. You must kill quickly!","Travel to Corin's Crossing to the east and slaughter the Scourge that inhabit the town. Collect 7 pieces of Living Rot in under 10 minutes. Use the Mortar and Pestle to grind the Living Rot into Coagulated Rot.","Disappointing. I was hoping that I'd be feeding you to my hounds, instead.$b$b<Nathanos sighs.>$b$bWell, at least you they'll have something to eat.","","","","",""
6023,"Unfinished Business","My real mission was to weaken the Scarlet Crusade's outlying forces and then infiltrate Hearthglen to gauge their numbers. I'm still in no shape to do it on my own, so perhaps I could ask you to aid me again, $N? From what information I gathered before being discovered, the Crusade has two important members that are the backbone of their forces outside the town: Huntsman Radley and Cavalier Durgen. Kill them, and we're making progress. They should be along Hearthglen Pass outside the town proper.","Kill Huntsman Radley and Cavalier Durgen before returning to Kirsta Deepshadow in Western Plaguelands.","Thank you, $N. You've been more help than I could have hoped for. The air here just seems to suck my will. I feel tired, and I can tell I'm not getting any better the longer I'm here.$B$BI'm not really sure how I'm going to infiltrate Hearthglen itself and report on how strong the Scarlet Crusade's presence is.$B$BBut that's another matter, before you leave, here, take this... as payment for your help. Thank you again.","","","","",""
6024,"Hameya's Plea","Kill me.  Before it's too late.$B$BI am Hameya.  While traveling to Zul'Mashar, my brethren and I ate some bad meat... and we changed.  We are infected.$B$BI can feel the lich's words now, urging me to reach Zul'Mashar and infect more of my people.  I cannot resist, and so I wrote this scroll before my will left me.$B$BI buried a chest in dirt next to a wagon behind this crypt, but only my key will open it.  I have the key.  If you want my treasure, then find me.$B$BKill me.  Before it's too late.","Kill Infiltrator Hameya.  Use his key on the Mound of Dirt behind the Undercroft.","Hameya's chest is opened!!","","","","",""
6025,"Unfinished Business","What? Really? You want to know more? But you've already done so much for me, $N. I couldn't possibly ask you to enter Hearthglen itself on my behalf.$B$BAre you sure, $N? Hearthglen is much more dangerous than the Pass--I cannot provide you any protection  or even information about what you might face.$B$BWell, if you really are willing to help, then enter the town and find a high place to gain a good view of the town. From there you can gauge their numbers and report them back to me. But be careful....","Enter Hearthglen and find a high vantage point from which you can see the town and gauge the Scarlet Crusade's forces, then return to Kirsta Deepshadow in Western Plaguelands.","You've done it, $N! Thank you!$B$BI'll return to Elling... I mean Stormwind as soon as I can. Here, take this coin, it's the least I can do for you. You're a credit to your people, $N. Thank you and good luck.","Overlook Hearthglen from a high vantage point","","","",""
6026,"That's Asking A Lot","These here Argent Dawn people commissioned ol' Smokey to do a little demolition work for 'em. Smokey's mammy ain't raised no dummy. When gold coin is slapped on the table, Smokey's services are available. That's my motto!$B$BNow I'd be willing to split the commission with you if you're willing to do a little legwork. Here's the deal: I'm going to head over to Plaguewood and mark the buildings we need destroyed. You gather the components for the bombs. Meet back here when you've got everything. Deal?","Smokey LaRue wants you to get 2 Thorium Bars, 1 Golden Rod, 8 Hi-Explosive Bombs, and 8 Unstable Triggers.$B$BYou will have to find a blacksmith and an engineer for these items.","I can pay you half up front and half when the job is done. ","","","","",""
6027,"Book of the Ancients","$n, I entrust you with the Gem of the Serpent. Place this gem on the Serpent Statue's hand on Ranazjar Isle, a small island northwest of here. Placing it will summon the one who protects the Book of the Ancients. This book contains the secrets of the naga, secrets that have been kept for centuries.  Bring this book to me, and we will learn much about our scaled foes!","Get the Book of the Ancients and return it to Azore Aldamort at the tower in Ethel Rethor.\
","The long lost Book of the Ancients!  I will ensure this book is passed on to the high council.  You've done well today, and for that you are to be thanked... as a hero should be thanked!\
","","","","",""
6028,"The Everlook Report","I am looking for a responsible individual to aid me in a small but nonetheless important matter.  I'm here as a representative of the Argent Dawn's interests to the local governance of Everlook.  I need to get a progress report to Argent Officer Pureheart at Chillwind Camp; it's a ways from here, located along the southern fringe of the Western Plaguelands.$B$BIf I may be so bold - this would be a perfect means to introduce yourself to my superior and perhaps earn some work from her!","Deliver the Everlook Report to Argent Officer Pureheart at Chillwind Camp, Western Plaguelands.","Very resourceful, Gregor is.  He's been dealing with the Steamwheedle Cartel for some time now, and has become an expert on the \"art\" of goblin negotiations.  Though it's true that the goblins' primary loyalties lie with those who have the largest coin purses, they also know and respect the value of diplomacy.  If anything, it provides them with repeat customers...$B$BAt any rate, the Argent Dawn acknowledges you for your effort.  Please have this, with our thanks.","","","","",""
6029,"The Everlook Report","I'm looking for a responsible individual to aid me in a small but nonetheless important matter.  I'm here as a representative of the Argent Dawn's interests to the local governance of Everlook.  I need to get a progress report to Argent Officer Garush at the Bulwark; it's a ways from here, located along the western fringe of the Western Plaguelands, east of Tirisfal Glades.$B$BIf I may be so bold - this would be a perfect means to introduce yourself to my superior and perhaps earn some work from him!","Deliver the Everlook Report to Argent Officer Garush at the Bulwark, Western Plaguelands.","Resourceful for a human, Gregor is.  He's been dealing with the Steamwheedle Cartel for some time now, and has become an expert on the \"art\" of goblin negotiations.  Though it's true that the goblins' primary loyalties lie with those who have the largest coin purses, they also know and respect the value of diplomacy.  If anything, it provides them with repeat customers...$B$BAt any rate, the Argent Dawn acknowledges you for your effort.  Please have this, with our thanks.","","","","",""
6030,"Duke Nicholas Zverenhoff","A recluse medium found in these parts by the name of Umbranse has provided the Argent Dawn with quite a literary masterpiece... one that amounts to quite possibly the largest collection of jibber-jabber I've ever seen written.$B$BOne of the Dawn's most respected leaders, Duke Nicholas Zverenhoff, is a brilliant linguist.  Could you take this to him for me - for a reward, of course?  Light's Hope Chapel - that's where he's currently at, far in the eastern part of the Eastern Plaguelands.","Deliver the book, \"Studies in Spirit Speaking\", to Duke Nicholas Zverenhoff at Light's Hope Chapel, Eastern Plaguelands.","This... this is a very special book you have brought me.  I'd like to tell you that \"special\" in this case means \"unique and quite possibly illuminating\", but that remains to be seen.$B$B\"Ooooooo?\"  Who in their right mind thinks this up?$B$BWell now, I've heard of this Umbranse that Gregor spoke of, so this isn't without merit.  I'll do my best to decipher it.  As for you... please, have this - courtesy of the Argent Dawn.  While you are here, perhaps there are some other things you can aid us with.","","","","",""
6031,"Runecloth","In Timbermaw, we are content.  We do not like strangers.  This is good for us, but it is bad for trade.$B$BNot long ago, a rare night elf friend came to Timbermaw and she wore a runecloth cloak.  Runecloth is rare among us, but the cloak was so fine my people want me to make more runecloth clothing.$B$BWill you bring me runecloth?  If you bring me enough, then I will give you something in trade.","Bring 30 Runecloth to Meilosh in Timbermaw Hold.","Ah, you brought the cloth.  Such fine material it is!$B$BThank you, $N.  You are a true friend.  Please accept this in exchange.","","","","",""
6032,"Sacred Cloth","Although the people of Timbermaw delight in the feel of runecloth, it is not sacred to us.  But mooncloth is sacred.$B$BBring me a small supply of this holy cloth, and I will teach you a secret fashioning technique. ","Bring 2 Mooncloth to Meilosh in Timbermaw Hold.","Ah, very good. This mooncloth will be used for garments sacred to our people. Thank you, $N. Now I will train you.","","","","",""
6041,"When Smokey Sings, I Get Violent","While you were gathering the supplies, I had some of my people handle marking the Scourge buildings we need demolished.$B$BHere's the plan: I'm going to give you ten sticks of my special compound. You're going to take them over to Plaguewood and plant them inside the Scourge structures that I've had marked for detonation.$B$B<Smokey snaps his fingers.>$B$BBing! It's just that easy.","Travel to Plaguewood, northwest of Light's Hope. Destroy 8 Scourge Structures by using Smokey's Special Compound at the Mark of Detonation planted inside each building. Smokey has had the Ziggurats and Slaughterhouses marked.$B$BOnce you plant the bomb, leave the building and marvel at your handiwork.$B$BBy the way, Smokey's Special Compound is rather... unstable.","You're much darker than I remember. You got that look going for you; the look that says, 'I've been charred by a high explosive bomb.'$B$B<Smokey laughs.>$B$BAnyhow! Here's your cut of the loot. I've thrown in a little something extra to help soothe the burns.","","Scourge Structures Destroyed","","",""
6042,"Un-Life's Little Annoyances","You cannot take two steps off of this farm without running into one of those obnoxious bats. I want to be able to take the hounds out and slaughter Scourge without being accosted by any damned, dirty bats. Obviously, I have better things to do with my time than mindlessly kill bats day in and day out. You, however, do not.$B$BWhat? Your training? This is your training! Now get out of my sight and don't come back until you've killed a fair number of those winged demons. Don't disappoint me.","Slay 20 Noxious Plaguebats and 10 Monstrous Plaguebats. Return to Nathanos Blightcaller when you are finished.","It's incredible what a little anger and rage can get accomplished.","","","","",""
6061,"Taming the Beast","As a tauren, it is important to follow the traditions of our ancestors by fighting mighty creatures. By besting these creatures, we are able to intake their spirits, allowing us to become closer to the Earthmother.$B$BIn the same way, taming a beast to fight alongside us helps us become one with nature around us. Eventually, you will learn to tame a beast of your choosing. But all things take practice, and you have much to learn. Begin by taking this taming rod; you must tame an adult plainstrider.","Use the Taming Rod to tame an Adult Plainstrider. Practice your skills, then return the Taming Rod to Yaw Sharpmane in Bloodhoof Village.","Signs have appeared to me from the Earthmother; you have done well.","Tame an Adult Plainstrider","","","",""
6062,"Taming the Beast","It is an admirable skill to command one's authority over nature. As a hunter, you must strive to learn to use the force and power inherent to any creature of your choosing.$B$BGaining control of an animal is not an easy feat; it is a task that you must undertake with much determination.$B$BFor your first assignment, take this taming rod and use it to tame a dire mottled boar. You can find them quite close to Razor Hill. Practice your skills in battle with the boar at your side, then return to me.","Use the Taming Rod to tame a Dire Mottled Boar. Practice your skills, then return the Taming Rod to Thotar in Razor Hill.","You have done well, $N. I believe you are ready for your next task.","Tame a Dire Mottled Boar","","","",""
6063,"Taming the Beast","As a hunter, it is important to remember the responsibility you hold in your hands. Nature is not a power that can be bent to obey our desires; it is one that is to be respected and acknowledged as something stronger than your very existence.$B$B$N, you must prove your understanding of this before you will gain the ability to tame an animal to be your companion.$B$BYour first task is to take this taming rod. With it, you will be able to tame a webwood lurker. Tame it, and practice your skills as a hunter.","Use the Taming Rod to tame a Webwood Lurker. Practice your skills, then return the Taming Rod to Dazalar in Dolanaar.","Excellent, $N! You are quite a fast learner.","Tame a Webwood Lurker","","","",""
6064,"Taming the Beast","Hi there, $Glad:lass;! So, you'd be wanting to know how you can gain a pet of your own?$B$BWell, let's get started. There's nothing more important than yer equipment when it comes to hunting, but we can chat about my new Shrapnel Blaster some other time. Fer now, let's focus on something I'm sure you're quite interested in: a pet!$B$BThe best way to learn is for you to try out several creatures as companions and see what ya like. So, find a large crag boar, then use the taming rod to tame it.","Use the Taming Rod to tame a Large Crag Boar. Practice your skills, then return the Taming Rod to Grif Wildheart in Kharanos.","I know, I know; you're wondering what's next, aren't ya?!","Tame a Large Crag Boar","","","",""
6065,"The Hunter's Path","Hello, young hunter. You look to me like you are skilled enough to handle a beast and train it as your companion.$B$BYou must see Yaw Sharpmane in Bloodhoof Village. He can put you on the path to earning a pet of your own.","Speak with Yaw Sharpmane in Bloodhoof Village.","Yes, I do believe you are ready...","","","","",""
6066,"The Hunter's Path","Hello, young hunter. You look to me like you are skilled enough to handle a beast and train it as your companion.$B$BYou must see Yaw Sharpmane in Bloodhoof Village. He can put you on the path to earning a pet of your own.","Speak with Yaw Sharpmane in Bloodhoof Village.","Yes, I do believe you are ready...","","","","",""
6067,"The Hunter's Path","Hello, young hunter. You look to me like you are skilled enough to handle a beast and train it as your companion.$B$BYou must see Yaw Sharpmane in Bloodhoof Village. He can put you on the path to earning a pet of your own.","Speak with Yaw Sharpmane in Bloodhoof Village.","Yes, I do believe you are ready...","","","","",""
6068,"The Hunter's Path","Hello, young hunter. You look to me like you are skilled enough to handle a beast and train it as your companion.$B$BYou must see Thotar at Razor Hill. He can put you on the path to earning a pet of your own.","Speak with Thotar at Razor Hill.","Yes, it is time for you to begin your training.","","","","",""
6069,"The Hunter's Path","Hello, young hunter. You look to me like you are skilled enough to handle a beast and train it as your companion.$B$BYou must see Thotar at Razor Hill. He can put you on the path to earning a pet of your own.","Speak with Thotar at Razor Hill.","Yes, it is time for you to begin your training.","","","","",""
6070,"The Hunter's Path","Hello, young hunter. You look to me like you are skilled enough to handle a beast and train it as your companion.$B$BYou must see Thotar at Razor Hill. He can put you on the path to earning a pet of your own.","Speak with Thotar at Razor Hill.","Yes, it is time for you to begin your training.","","","","",""
6071,"The Hunter's Path","Hello, young hunter. You look to me like you are skilled enough to handle a beast and train it as your companion.$B$BYou must see Dazalar in Dolanaar. He can put you on the path to earning a pet of your own.","Speak with Dazalar in Dolanaar.","Yes, it is time, $c.","","","","",""
6072,"The Hunter's Path","Hello, young hunter. You look to me like you are skilled enough to handle a beast and train it as your companion.$B$BYou must see Dazalar in Dolanaar. He can put you on the path to earning a pet of your own.","Speak with Dazalar in Dolanaar.",\N,\N,"","","",""
6073,"The Hunter's Path","Hello, young hunter. You look to me like you are skilled enough to handle a beast and train it as your companion.$B$BYou must see Dazalar in Dolanaar. He can put you on the path to earning a pet of your own.","Speak with Dazalar in Dolanaar.","Yes, it is time, $c.","","","","",""
6074,"The Hunter's Path","Hello, young hunter. You look to me like you are skilled enough to handle a beast and train it as your companion.$B$BYou must see Grif Wildheart in Kharanos. He can put you on the path to earning a pet of your own.","Speak with Grif Wildheart in Kharanos.","Yes, I do believe you are ready, as well....","","","","",""
6075,"The Hunter's Path","Hello, young hunter. You look to me like you are skilled enough to handle a beast and train it as your companion.$B$BYou must see Grif Wildheart in Kharanos. He can put you on the path to earning a pet of your own.","Speak with Grif Wildheart in Kharanos.","Yes, I do believe you are ready, as well....","","","","",""
6076,"The Hunter's Path","Hello, young hunter. You look to me like you are skilled enough to handle a beast and train it as your companion.$B$BYou must see Grif Wildheart in Kharanos. He can put you on the path to earning a pet of your own.","Speak with Grif Wildheart in Kharanos.","Yes, I do believe you are ready, as well....","","","","",""
6081,"Training the Beast","You now have the power to tame a pet, but you must also gain the skills to train it.$B$BTravel to Orgrimmar. There you must speak to one of our most revered hunters, Ormak Grimshot. He will give you the ability to train your new pet. You will find him near the Hall of the Brave.$B$BGood luck, $N.","Speak with Ormak Grimshot in Orgrimmar.","A young $C, I see. Yes, I will grant you the skills you need to train and guide your pet. Not only will you be able to teach your pet new abilities, you will now be able to feed your pet, as well as revive it, should it fall in battle.$B$BNow, go, $C. We will speak again, at a later date.","","","","",""
6082,"Taming the Beast","The final creature you need to tame is one you should strive to emulate; the armored scorpid. It strikes quickly and confidently; to control a force such as this is your fate as a hunter.$B$BWhen you return, I will bestow you with the skills you will need to tame an animal of your choosing; this creature will be yours to command. Under your control, your pet will gain experience alongside you. I will also show you how to call it and dismiss it as you wish.\
","Use the Taming Rod to tame an Armored Scorpid. Practice your skills, then return to Thotar at Razor Hill.","You have learned all I can teach you, $N. It is time for you to take what you have learned here and choose a pet of your own.$B$BHere you are, $N. I will now give you the power to tame a beast, as well as call it and dismiss it as you see fit. Use your new skills with pride; you have earned them.","Tame an Armored Scorpid","","","",""
6083,"Taming the Beast","The advantage a pet affords you against your rivals is duly noted, $N. When you gain control over another creature, you are adding to your own strength. Your pet must become an extension of yourself.$B$BThe next task requires you to turn from the land; you will find the next creature in the waters off the coast. Across from Sen'jin Village, near the Echo Isles. look for a spirited crab called the surf crawler. Use the taming rod to tame it, then practice your skills.","Use the Taming Rod to tame a Surf Crawler. Practice your skills, then return the Taming Rod to Thotar at Razor Hill.","You are a swift learner, $N. You have done well.","Tame a Surf Crawler","","","",""
6084,"Taming the Beast","Those crag boars are quite burly; maybe you'd like something with a little more finesse? Alright then, I've got jus' the thing. South and east of here, you'll find large white cats called snow leopards. Just like an elegantly-carved rifle, behind their beautiful exterior lies a powerful fighter, capable of doing extreme damage. You'll find them to be much more agile an' swift than the boar you tamed.$B$BTake this taming rod and see how you like the snow leopard.","Use the Taming Rod to tame a Snow Leopard. Practice your skills, then return to Grif Wildheart in Kharanos.","When I feel you've learned enough, I will grant you the ability to choose any pet of your liking.","Tame a Snow Leopard","","","",""
6085,"Taming the Beast","Perhaps you'd like a creature that possesses little more than brute strength. The ice claw bear is an excellent companion for a fledgling hunter like yourself, and can be found east of Kharanos. Here is the taming rod; try this animal as a pet and see if ya like it!$B$BWhen you return, I'll give ya the skills you will need to tame an animal of your choosing; this creature will face the challenges you face, and gain experience alongside you. I will also show you how to call it and dismiss it as ya like.\
","Use the Taming Rod to tame an Ice Claw Bear. Practice your skills, then return the Taming Rod to Grif Wildheart in Kharanos.","Here you are, $N. I will now give ya the power to tame a beast, as well as call it and dismiss it as you please.$B$BFind yerself a good, loyal pet, and enjoy the hunt!","Tame an Ice Claw Bear","","","",""
6086,"Training the Beast","$N, ya now have the power to tame a pet, but you must also gain the skills ta train it.$B$BTravel to Ironforge and find the Hall of Arms. There you must speak to one of our most revered animal trainers, Belia Thundergranite. She'll give ya the power to train your new pet, so get goin', $Glad:lass;!$B$BBelia is a friendly sort; you should have no problems gaining her approval. Good luck, $N.\
","Speak with Belia Thundergranite in Ironforge.","A new recruit, eh? You're on your way to becoming a great $C, I see.$B$BYes, I can bestow you with the skills you need to train and guide your pet. Not only will you be able to teach your pet new abilities, you will now be able to feed your pet, as well as revive it, should it fall in battle.$B$BRemember that the key to getting the most from your new pet is to respect it and treat it well. In turn, your pet will be your most loyal friend.","","","","",""
6087,"Taming the Beast","You have a fiery spirit, hunter, readily awaiting your next challenge.$B$BYour next task is to gain the companionship of a wolf known as the prairie stalker. This creature is swift and fearless; in taking this beast as your pet, you must also take on these qualities.$B$BDuring a battle, you will learn how you and your pet will become a team. In the end you must work as one, muscle to muscle.$B$BHere is the taming rod, $N. Tame a prairie stalker and practice your skills.","Use the Taming Rod to tame a Prairie Stalker. Practice your skills, then return the Taming Rod to Yaw Sharpmane in Bloodhoof Village.","Yes... The Earthmother believes that you are ready for the next lesson.","Tame a Prairie Stalker","","","",""
6088,"Taming the Beast","The final task that I have for you requires that you tame a creature that inhabits the sky. The swoop is a difficult opponent, but as your ally, you will acquire its sharp attacks and threatening presence.$B$BBy the will of the Earthmother, when you return I will bestow you with the skills you will need to tame an animal of your choosing to be your companion; this creature will face the challenges you face, and gain experience alongside you. I will also show you how to call it and dismiss it as you wish.\
","Use the Taming Rod to tame a Swoop. Practice your skills, then return the Taming Rod to Yaw Sharpmane in Bloodhoof Village.","You have learned all I can teach you, $N. May the blessings of the Earthmother guide you in choosing a pet.$B$BHere you are, $N. I will now give you the power to tame a beast, as well as call it and dismiss it as you see fit. Use your new skills with pride and honor the Earthmother.","Tame a Swoop","","","",""
6089,"Training the Beast","You now have the power to tame a pet, but you must also gain the skills to train it.$B$BTravel to Thunder Bluff. There you must speak to one of our most revered hunters, Holt Thunderhorn. If he deems you worthy, he will give you the ability to train your new pet.$B$BHolt has bested the most powerful and feared beasts of Azeroth, and commands many strong creatures of his own. His ties to the Earthmother are strong, and you can learn much from him. Good luck, $N.\
","Speak with Holt Thunderhorn on Hunter Rise in Thunder Bluff.","","","","","",""
6101,"Taming the Beast","The variance of nature is something that can be relied upon, $N. It is predictable in the way that it never remains the same; it is always changing.$B$BThe tasks I give to you will help you to see and appreciate the vast differences of the creatures you may choose as your companion.$B$BTake this taming rod and use it to tame a nightsaber stalker, found to the south. Practice your skills as a hunter. Then you will begin to understand the similarities and differences of nature.","Use the Taming Rod to tame a Nightsaber Stalker. Practice your skills, then return the Taming Rod to Dazalar in Dolanaar.","I see your commitment and that you have understood what I have taught you, $N.","Tame a Nightsaber Stalker","","","",""
6102,"Taming the Beast","You have tamed two creatures that inhabit the land, now you must tame one that soars the skies. Use the taming rod to tame a strigid screecher, found west of here. Practice your skills with this mighty owl at your side.$B$BWhen you return, I will bestow you with the skills you will need to tame an animal of your choosing to be your companion; this creature will face the challenges you face, and gain experience alongside you. I will also show you how to call it and dismiss it as you wish.","Use the Taming Rod to tame a Strigid Screecher. Practice your skills, then return the Taming Rod to Dazalar in Dolanaar.","You have learned all I can teach you, $N. May I offer you one more piece of advice: use discretion when choosing your first pet. Will you choose a creature of the land, of the water, or of the sky? Whatever it may be, without doubt, your pet will be with you for quite some time.$B$BHere you are, $N. I will now give you the power to tame a beast, as well as call it and dismiss it as you see fit. Use your new skills with pride; you have earned them.","Tame a Strigid Screecher","","","",""
6103,"Training the Beast","You now have the power to tame a pet, but you must also gain the skills to train it.$B$BTravel to Darnassus. There you must speak to one of our most revered hunters, Jocaste. She will give you the ability to train your new pet, so make haste.$B$BWhile Jocaste may seem stern, she is always pleased to see another hunter rising through the ranks. Treat her with respect and she will return in kind. Good luck, $N.","Speak to Jocaste in the Cenarion Enclave, in Darnassus.","A fledgling hunter, I see. Yes, I can bestow you with the skills you need to train and guide your pet. Not only will you be able to teach your pet new abilities, you will now be able to feed your pet, as well as revive it, should it fall in battle.$B$BRemember, $N, always respect the balance and live in awe of nature around you. Now, go forth. We shall speak again, at a later date.","","","","",""
6121,"Lessons Anew","You're now ready to learn about poison and the power we as druids have over it, $N.  Cenarius has blessed us with the ability to purge even the most foul of poisons with but a mere incantation.  This gift is not to be taken lightly... and to ensure you learn this lesson, you'll work to address the effects of poisonings as a layman would.$B$BTravel to Moonglade and speak with Dendrite Starblaze; he awaits your arrival to begin your lesson.","Travel to Moonglade and speak with Dendrite Starblaze in the village of Nighthaven.","Greetings young $C, I'm glad to see you ready and eager to learn about the curing of poisons.$B$BWhile most druids in the past were put through pre-planned trials, your work will involve no such thing. There has been a rash of animal poisonings at the Crossroads in the Barrens, and they're unable to bring it under control. Someone there has requested Moonglade for aid, so we are sending you there to aid them. This is no exercise - the work you'll do is quite real. Bear this in mind.","","","","",""
6122,"The Principal Source","The Cliffspring Falls in Darkshore serves as the principal source of drinking water for the region, and now I suspect it is the principal source of the poison that is harming the local fauna - deer specifically.  Use this sampler to draw some water from the mouth of the cave; be careful, as dangerous naga now reside in a cave by the falls.$B$BOnce filled, deliver it to Alanndarian Nightsong in Auberdine.  She is the one that requested our aid, and you will work with her to address this malady.","Use the Empty Cliffspring Falls Sampler to draw a sample of water from the mouth of the cave by the falls.$B$BDeliver the Filled Cliffspring Falls Sampler to Alanndarian Nightsong in Auberdine, Darkshore.","By Elune, this water is disgusting! No wonder the deer are sick.$B$BSomething is polluting the water, and in turn corrupting Darkshore's entire water table. Sick deer have been seen all over area, and not just by the river. While this water is most likely a primary source of the sickness spreading, there's something else at work here.$B$BThis water, believe it or not, will help us formulate a cure. While I research this water, I have need of some items to formulate a cure...","","","","",""
6123,"Gathering the Cure","The water will serve as the base of the curative salve I'll make for the deer.  For curative properties, I need some earthroot.  Herbalists know how to find it, so if we're unlucky and you aren't one then you'll need to find one to help us out.$B$BFinally for potency, I need some lunar fungus.  Finding lunar fungal blooms is easy enough; they're all over the place in caves just to the east of here.  Moonkin reside in the caves and they're irritable as of late, so be careful.","Bring 5 Earthroot and 12 Lunar Funguses to Alanndarian Nightsong in Auberdine so she may make a curative salve.","This is good, $N, so much so that it should be enough to make some ample doses of the salve - at least enough to start to make a difference.$B$BMaking a cure for poisons can be quite difficult at times because each one often requires a very specific antidote to counteract it. Imagine being able to cure a poison at will without having to worry about the exact ingredients of what the antidote must be!$B$BNow, let me get to work on this!","","","","",""
6124,"Curing the Sick","The amount of salve made out of the reagents you brought me is good enough for ten doses, $N.  While I work with the village to try and make some more salve, I'd like for you to help us get a head start.  All around Darkshore are sickly deer; use the salve on them and cure their malaise.$B$BDendrite Starblaze in Moonglade will want to talk to you when you're done, I'm sure.  Please extend Auberdine's thanks to the Cenarion Circle there... and let me say thanks to you directly for the help you've given!","Use the Curative Animal Salve on 10 Sickly Deer that are located throughout Darkshore; doing so should cure them.  Sickly Deer have been reported starting south of the Cliffspring River to the north of Auberdine and extending all the way into southern Darkshore where the edge of Ashenvale begins.","You have done well in tending to the sickly deer of Darkshore; they are unwitting victims of a greater taint and corruption that is spreading all throughout the land.  There are those in Darnassus who choose to recognize this threat... and there are those who ignore the growing signs.  I hope you will not be one to put blinders on about what facts stare you in the face, $N.$B$BRegardless, you've proven your worth as a friend of nature and the Circle - take this as a symbol of such.","","Sickly Deer cured","","",""
6125,"Power over Poison","You've learned what it means to cure poison without the benefit of spiritual aid.  Remember what others must endure in fighting poisonous afflictions as you soon embrace your newfound power over poison.$B$BYou should now return to Mathrengyl Bearwalker in Darnassus, $N.  He, no doubt, has a very important spell to teach you now that the student understands the lesson given unto $g him : her;.$B$BFarewell, young druid.  We shall speak again.","Return to Mathrengyl Bearwalker in the Cenarion Enclave, Darnassus.","Welcome back - I've been following your progress on this lesson since you left, and I must admit I was surprised to learn about the situation in Auberdine.  This does bear some further investigation, as the introduction of such poisons into the environment is most upsetting to the balance.$B$BYou handled yourself with grace under pressure.  For that, I can find no better way to reward you than with permanent power over poison.  Use it well, $N... use it well.","","","","",""
6126,"Lessons Anew","You're now ready to learn about poison and the power we as druids have over it, $N.  Cenarius has blessed us with the ability to purge even the most foul of poisons with but a mere incantation.  This gift is not to be taken lightly... and to ensure you learn this lesson, you'll work to address the effects of poisonings as a layman would.$B$BTravel to Moonglade and speak with Dendrite Starblaze; he awaits your arrival to begin your lesson.","Travel to Moonglade and speak with Dendrite Starblaze in the village of Nighthaven.","Greetings young druid, I'm glad to see you ready and eager to learn about the curing of poisons.$B$BWhile most druids in the past were put through pre-planned trials, your work will involve no such thing. There has been a rash of animal poisonings at the Crossroads in the Barrens, and they're unable to bring it under control. Someone there has requested Moonglade for aid, so we are sending you there to aid them. This is no exercise - the work you'll do is quite real. Bear this in mind.","","","","",""
6127,"The Principal Source","Dreadmist Peak to the northwest of the Crossroads is most likely a primary candidate as to the source of the spread of the poison.  Its airy peaks have pools of water that influence the weather patterns.  I suspect the water is now tainted by the demon-worshipping Burning Blade.$B$BUse this sampler to draw water from the pool at the very top of the peak.  Once filled, deliver it to Tonga Runetotem at the Crossroads.  He is the one that requested our aid, and you will work with him to address this malady.","Use the Empty Dreadmist Peak Sampler to draw a sample of water from a pool at the top of the peak.$B$BDeliver the Filled Dreadmist Peak Sampler to Tonga Runetotem at the Crossroads, Barrens.","By my ancestors, this water is disgusting! No wonder the gazelles are sick.$B$BSomething is polluting the water, and in turn beginning to wreck the northern Barrens ecosystem. Sick gazelles have been sighted all north of the east-west road here. While this water is most likely a primary source of the sickness spreading, there's something else at work here.$B$BThis water, believe it or not, will help us formulate a cure. While I research this water, I have need of some items to formulate a cure...","","","","",""
6128,"Gathering the Cure","The water will serve as the base of the curative salve I shall make for the gazelles.  For curative properties, I need some earthroot.  Herbalists know how to find it, so if you are not familiar with this skill you'll need to find one to help us out.$B$BFinally for potency, I need kodo horns - mere chips and fragments will not suffice.  Kodos you can handle wander the northern part of the Barrens; bring some down for the greater good of the balance $N, and fetch the horns for me.","Bring 5 Earthroot and 5 Kodo Horns to Tonga Runetotem at the Crossroads so he may make a curative salve.","This is good, $N, so much so that it should be enough to make some ample doses of the salve - at least enough to start to make a difference.$B$BMaking a cure for poisons can be quite difficult at times because each one often requires a very specific antidote to counteract it. Imagine being able to cure a poison at will without having to worry about the exact ingredients of what the antidote must be!$B$BNow, let me get to work on this!","","","","",""
6129,"Curing the Sick","I was able to make enough salve for ten doses of curing, $N.  While I work with local authorities to try and make some more salve, I'd like for you to help us get a head start.  All around the northern Barrens are sickly gazelles; use the salve on them and cure their malaise.$B$BDendrite Starblaze in Moonglade will want to talk to you when you're done, I'm sure.  Please extend our thanks to the Cenarion Circle there... and let me say thanks to you directly for the help you've given!","Use the Curative Animal Salve on 10 Sickly Gazelles that are located throughout the northern part of the Barrens; doing so should cure them.  Sickly Gazelles have been reported north of the east-west road that runs through the Crossroads.","You have done well in tending to the sickly gazelles of the Barrens; they are unwitting victims of a greater taint and corruption that is spreading all throughout the land. You $R are most eager to understand the ways of Cenarius; you, like your elders in Thunder Bluff, are proving that the need for balance transcends artificial racial barriers.$B$B$N, you've proven your worth as an friend of nature and the Circle - take this as a symbol of such.","","Sickly Gazelle cured","","",""
6130,"Power over Poison","You've learned what it means to cure poison without the benefit of spiritual aid.  Remember what others must endure in fighting poisonous afflictions as you soon embrace your newfound power over poison.$B$BYou should now return to Turak Runetotem in Thunder Bluff, $N.  He, no doubt, has a very important spell to teach you now that the student understands the lesson given unto $g him : her;.$B$BFarewell, young druid.  We shall speak again.","Return to Turak Runetotem on the Elder Rise, Thunder Bluff.","Welcome back - I've been following your progress on this lesson since you left, and I must admit I was surprised to learn about the situation at the Crossroads. This does bear some further investigation, as the introduction of such poisons into the environment is most upsetting to the balance.$B$BYou handled yourself with grace under pressure. For that, I can find no better way to reward you with permanent power over poison. Use it well, $N... use it well.","","","","",""
6131,"Timbermaw Ally","The Timbermaw are the only furbolg tribe to escape the corruption. However, many other races kill furbolg blindly now, without bothering to see if they are friend or foe. For this reason, the Timbermaw furbolg trust very few.$B$B Are you interested in proving yourself? Drive back the corrupted Deadwood tribe and we may one day consider you an ally. You'll find the Deadwood warriors, pathfinders and gardeners to the south.","Grazle wants you to prove yourself by killing 7 Deadwood Warriors, 7 Deadwood Pathfinders, and 7 Deadwood Gardeners.","We suffer much from the events of the past. Thank you for what you have done to help protect the Timbermaw.",\N,\N,\N,\N,\N
6132,"Get Me Out of Here!","Get me out of here!$B$BI came up to the Valley of Spears to talk to the Maraudines.  I thought I could do a little business with them... but they don't want to talk!  I think they want to eat me!$B$BGet me out of here and my brother Hornizz will pay you big!  He's at our camp next to the kodo graveyard, to the east.$B$BLet's hurry, $N.  Not two minutes ago I heard some centaurs talking about getting wood for their cookpot... ","Escort Melizza Brimbuzzle, then speak with Hornizz Brimbuzzle at the Kodo Graveyard in Desolace.","My sister Melizza said you'd be coming.  Thanks a lot for getting her out of the jam she was in; it's too bad that she's already probably found herself in a new one!","","","","",""
6133,"The Ranger Lord's Behest","The high elves of the Quel'Lithien lodge possesses something that belongs to me, $c: A document detailing my life as a mortal.$B$BBefore you ask; no, you most certainly are not privy to such information. Just do as I tell you, worm: Recover the registry.$B$BAnd imbecile, be sure to leave as much strife and grief as possible in your wake. Leave them suffering...","Travel to the northern borders of the Eastern Plaguelands and recover the Quel'Thalas Registry. The item is somewhere in the Quel'Lithien lodge.$B$BYou must also slay 8 Rangers, 8 Pathstriders, and 8 Woodsmen.","I trust you did not read the registry. Not even you would do something that idiotic...","","","","",""
6134,"Ghost-o-plasm Round Up","There's a valley to the southeast, the Valley of Bones, haunted by Magram ghosts.  Sounds scary, doesn't it?  Well think how scary it is to the Magram!  If we captured ghost energy from that place, I bet it'd be worth plenty to those centaurs.$B$BHere, take this crate of ghost magnets.  If you place one between the two big skeletons in the valley, the Dead Goliaths, then ghosts will wander to it.  Distance yourself, take out the ghosts and get their ghost-o-plasm--that's what we'll sell to the Magram.","Bring 8 Ghost-o-plasms and the Crate of Ghost Magnets to Hornizz Brimbuzzle in Desolace.","There it is!  Looks like you got some of it on you too.  Kinda slimey, eh?$B$BWell, thanks a lot for all the trouble, $N.  This stuff will be worth a fortune... if I can convince the centaurs what it is!","","","","",""
6135,"Duskwing, Oh How I Hate Thee...","Up until now, you have completed the missions I have assigned; even if not in the most timely manner.$B$BI suppose you think that you are ready for a challenge. Yes... Yes, imbecile, perhaps you are ready for a more involved set of missions.$B$BThe albino demon bat, Duskwing, roams the countryside just north of here. Track him down and destroy him. Return to me with a patch of his white fur and you shall be rewarded.\
","Find Duskwing and slay him. From the corpse, recover a Patch of Duskwing's Fur and return it to Nathanos Blightcaller.$B$BIt is said that Duskwing roams the countryside to the north of Marris Stead.","Excellent work, imbecile. I shall fashion this fur into something you can use.","","","","",""
6136,"The Corpulent One","Past the Argent Dawn encampment of Light's Hope and west of Northdale, you will find the corpulent maggot beast, Borelgore.$B$BI've lost entire regiments to that monster. His size knows no bounds! The more he eats the greater his girth becomes...$B$BWhile I would not suffer any emotional harm should the beast devour you, I would prefer that you were the victor. I recommend you enlist the help of others for this mission. Borelgore has been known to devour small battalions foolish enough to attack him.","Find Borelgore in the northern wastes of Eastern Plaguelands and destroy him. Return to Nathanos Blightcaller when the mission is complete.","Keep this up and I may have to promote you from imbecile to mental deficient, first class.","","","","",""
6141,"Brother Anton","My brother in arms, Brother Anton, heard rumors of an undead infestation in distant Kalimdor, in a land known as Desolace.  Anton immediately booked passage to that place, to seek and destroy the undead menace!$B$BHe is looking for those with the bravery and resolve to aid him.  If your heart is true, then speak with Anton.  He is in Desolace, in the Alliance town of Nijel's Point. ","Speak with Brother Anton in Desolace.","I received word of aid arriving from the east.  Are you the source of these rumors?  Have you come here to help the Scarlet Brother in its crusade?$B$BIf so, then listen close...","","","","",""
6142,"Clam Bait","You have the look of a fisherman, $c! I love to fish - been fishing all my life. The best bait to use is soft-shelled clam meat; the fish just can't resist, you know what I mean?$B$BUp north you will find a wrecked ship off the coast. Soft-shelled clams are littered throughout the area. If you bring me back 10 pieces of soft-shelled clam meat, I will give you something in return.","Find 10 pieces of Soft-shelled Clam Meat and bring it back to Mai'Lahii at Shadowprey Village.","Perfect mon, this is just what the witch doctor told me to do for my headache. He says, \"Mai'Lahii - go fish. It'll make you feel better\"$B$BWell, I feel better already, thanks mon!","","","","",""
6143,"Other Fish to Fry","Maybe you heard or maybe you haven't... my crew and I was out fishing near Ranazjar Isle, north of the wrecked ship off the coast up north. We used to fish there all the time; now all I do is think of a way to seek revenge for my fallen comrades.$B$BThe naga attacked us one morning, killing everyone except me.$B$BMe conscience can't handle the guilt, $c; I need you to go and fry them naga for me. I'll make the effort worth your while; you think you can help me with that?","Slay 7 Slitherblade Myrmidon, 7 Slitherblade Naga, and 5 Slitherblade Sorceresses, and then talk to Drulzegar at Shadowprey in Desolace.","As sweet as it is hearing the news that the naga have been vanquished, my heart still feels empty. For the rest of my life I will be dedicated to having them all killed.$B$BHere mon, your reward as I promised. It's small in comparison to the gratification of knowing the naga fried for their hated act upon my crew.","","","","",""
6144,"The Call to Command","The order has come down, $c. Varimathras himself has requested that I send my most 'capable' agents back to the Undercity for a highly sensitive tactical operation.$B$BUnfortunately, my most capable agents were killed over three years ago. In their stead I have a collection of brain dead riff-raff.$B$B<Nathanos stares coldly at you.>$B$BTravel to the Undercity at once and report to Varimathras. Do not embarrass me, $c!","Travel to the Undercity and speak with Varimathras.","The Grand Crusader sits safely in the Scarlet Bastion while his forces pour into your lands, desecrate your structures and monuments and murder your people.$B$BThe Dark Lady has commanded that I deal with this insect once and for all. You will become the instrument of the Forsaken's reckoning.","","","","",""
6145,"The Crimson Courier","Just as the body cannot survive without the head, the head cannot survive without the body. The defenses of the Scarlet Crusade's command inside Stratholme are almost impenetrable. We must, instead, cut the body out from under the head.$B$BMy Deathstalkers have been collecting data on the activity of the Crusade outside of Stratholme. Each day, a report is sent from their central command to Tyr's Hand. This report is the key, $r! Find the Crimson Courier and recover that report. Return it to Nathanos.","Return to Eastern Plaguelands and track down the Crimson Courier. Kill the Courier and recover the Grand Crusader's Command.$B$BTake the command to Nathanos Blightcaller for further instruction.","<Nathanos laughs.>$B$BExcellent! Finally! An opportunity to destroy the Scarlet Oracle!","","","","",""
6146,"Nathanos' Ruse","I have made some adjustments to this command. Should our little ruse work, they will expose the Scarlet Oracle and we shall strike!$B$BNow pay attention, $c. You are to deliver this command to the Crusader Lord, Valdelmar.$B$BHow? You are going to hand it to him, imbecile.$B$BTake the command and this rotten apple to Tyr's Hand. When you cross into the city, eat the apple. You will transform into something more... palatable to the humans. Take the command and hand it to the Crusader Lord, Valdelmar.","Travel to Tyr's Hand, southeast of the Marris Stead. Once there, take a bite of the Rotten Apple. While under the guise of the Scarlet Crusade, deliver the Grand Crusader's Command to Crusader Lord Valdelmar.","Where have you been? We had thought the Scourge had captured you.","","","","",""
6147,"Return to Nathanos","The Grand Crusader makes an unusual request. Hrm, regardless... what he asks will be done. Return to the Scarlet Bastion and notify him that the Oracle will be en route shortly.$B$BWe will take every precaution to ensure that she makes it to Stratholme unharmed.","Return to Nathanos Blightcaller with the new information.\
","The fools! My deception went unnoticed! Prepare yourself, $C. We must strike with cold cunning!","","","","",""
6148,"The Scarlet Oracle, Demetria","Demetria is chief advisor to the Grand Crusader. She is called the Oracle due to her 'otherworldly' senses. She has successfully assisted the Crusade in several of their victories against the Scourge.$B$BWhile this ruse was successful in exposing her, if she truly does possess psychic powers, she will undoubtedly be expecting some sort of trouble. You are going to provide that 'trouble.'$B$BTrack down the Oracle and terminate her. They should be moving out of Tyr's Hand as we speak. Make me proud, worm.\
","The Scarlet Crusade is on the move. Somewhere along the road from Tyr's Hand to Stratholme you will find the Oracle, Demetria, and her entourage. Hunt her down and slay her. Return to Nathanos Blightcaller should you succeed.","They will be reeling from this blow for years! Well done, $N! You have earned not only my respect but also this reward.","","","","",""
6161,"Claim Rackmore's Treasure!","Rackmore's log tells of how his ship was sailing for Feathermoon Stronghold when it was attacked by seafaring creatures.  To prevent his treasure from falling into enemy hands, he hid his chest on Ranazjar Isle.$B$BTo open the chest requires two keys, a silver and a gold.  These keys were lost, but if the keys and the chest are found, a treasure awaits!","Find Rackmore's Silver Key.  Find Rackmore's Golden Key.  Find and open Rackmore's Chest.","Chest opens to reveal Rackmore's treasure!","","","","",""
6162,"A Husband's Last Battle","My husband traveled Felwood for the honor of our clan, doing battle against the Shadow Council and other corrupt atrocities!$B$BAfter he escaped death numerous times, I received a letter from him saying that a druid asked him for help against a great befouled furbolg named Overlord Ror--the two were never heard from again.$B$BI want this Ror's clawed hand, $N. I want it to pay for leaving me a widow! I believe the creature is to the south... near the Ashenvale border.","Kill Overlord Ror and return his claw to Dreka'Sur at Bloodvenom Post in Felwood.","You bring honor to me for following through with your word. My husband died in battle--he would have been proud of that. But I could not rest until I knew that the creature that has forced me to live my life alone paid for what it had done.$b$bThank you again, $N.","","","","",""
6163,"Ramstein","I was overwhelmed. On this very stead, I stood... held my ground in defense of Lordaeron. The farm and all on it were waylaid by a gigantic wave of Scourge.$B$BThe wretch. The filth. It hovered above me, entrails hanging from its gaping chest cavity.$B$BI woke as Scourge. For so long I was helpless. My mind had coalesced with the Lich King's.$B$BShe came for me... somewhere, somehow, I knew she would. Free.$B$BAnd now, I must have my vengeance - my vengeance on that which took from me my life. Destroy it.","Travel to Stratholme and slay Ramstein the Gorger. Take his head as a souvenir for Nathanos.","I wonder... did it beg for mercy? Could it know what mercy is?$B$B<Nathanos spits.>$B$BI will hang this beast's head upon my wall.$B$BYou have earned a spot amongst one of my champions, $N.$B$B<Nathanos salutes.>","","","","",""
6164,"Augustus' Receipt Book","I'm ready for business!  What you do want?$B$BOh wait... I can't open up shop without my receipt book.  How am I to keep track of things without my receipt book?$B$BI must have left it in town somewhere.  I had a room in the inn... the book must be there.$B$BBring me my book.  Please, bring it to me!  Bring me my book and you'll see!  I'll set up shop and you'll see that my prices are INSANE!","Bring Augustus' Receipt Book to Augustus the Touched in Terrordale.","There it is!  And oh my!  I forgot how full it was!$B$BThis is a glorious day, $N!  Stupendous!  Insanely good, I say!","","","","",""
6165,"Archmage Timolain's Remains","The details about this quest are missing","The description of this quest is missing","",\N,\N,\N,\N,\N
6181,"A Swift Message","Although we don't get much aid from Stormwind directly, I do have a contact in the city who helps supply us with armor.  His name is Osric Strang.  His shop, Limited Immunity, is in the Old Town of Stormwind.$B$BOur supply of armor dwindles, and I must contact Osric for more.  Can you take him this note?$B$BThe fastest way to Stormwind is through Thor, our gryphon master.  He's just down the hill; bring him my note, and then take a gryphon to Stormwind.","Bring Lewis' Note to Thor the gryphon master.","You have to get this note to Stormwind?  That's not a problem, you can take one of my gryphons!","","","","",""
6182,"The First and the Last","Nathanos Marris was the first and last of the human ranger lords. A disciple of Sylvanas Windrunner, now the Banshee Queen of the Forsaken.$B$BWe had thought that Nathanos had been killed in action in the defense of Lordaeron five years ago. Although his corpse was never recovered, it was assumed that he did not make it out of the Eastern Plaguelands.$B$BMathias Shaw has been investigating the disappearance and may have some new information. Report to him at once. He resides in Old Town, at the Barracks.","Speak with Mathias Shaw in Old Town Stormwind. He resides in the Barracks.","After some reports of unusual Forsaken activity in the Eastern Plaguelands, SI:7 agents were dispatched to investigate. The results of that investigation are unsettling.","","","","",""
6183,"Honor the Dead","Five of my best field agents were assigned the Marris case. One returned, only to end up dead in his sleep three days later.$B$BWhat little information we did manage to get out of him was incoherent gibberish. We made out two words: \"Nathanos,\" and \"Blightcaller.\"$B$BI do not have the available manpower to continue this investigation and Ravenholdt will not assist us. We must get to the bottom of this; if only to provide closure to the families of the deceased. Will you help?","Speak with Mathias Shaw again if you wish to accept his task.","<Mathias nods.>$B$BI had faith that Bolvar would send me men and women of honor - the most dedicated soldiers of the Alliance.","","","","",""
6184,"Flint Shadowmore","The only information we have thus far, then, is that Nathanos Marris may have been slain by this Blightcaller. We assume the Blightcaller is the same fiend that disposed of my agents.$B$BFlint Shadowmore, another SI:7 operative, is stationed at the Alliance encampment of Chillwind Point in the Western Plaguelands. Seek him out; he will debrief you on the current situation in the Plagues and give you an assignment.$B$BGood luck, $N.","Travel to Chillwind Camp in the Western Plaguelands and meet up with your contact, Flint Shadowmore.\
","The first mission will be straight up, $N. You go in, you come out. Recon...","","","","",""
6185,"The Eastern Plagues","As I said, your first mission is one of reconnaissance. Nothing fancy, $N. You must travel to the Eastern Plaguelands and look for any clues as to this Blightcaller.$B$BBe on the lookout for information about our missing operatives. We have to assume that they are dead and if they are dead, they must have a corpse... somewhere.$B$B<Flint swallows hard.>$B$BAll SI:7 agents carry this insignia.$B$B<Flint shows you his SI:7 insignia.>$B$BBring any of those that you may find back to me.","Scour the Eastern Plaguelands for clues as to the \"Blightcaller\" and the missing SI:7 agents. If you find any SI:7 Insignias, return them to Flint Shadowmore at Chillwind Camp.","Rutger. Fredo. Turyen. All... dead...$B$B<Flint clutches the insignias tightly.>$B$BWhere were they? Did you discover any more information about this bastard, the Blightcaller?","The Blightcaller Uncovered","","","",""
6186,"The Blightcaller Cometh","<The blood appears to have completely drained from Flint's face.>$B$BNa... Nathanos did this? Nathanos is the Blightcaller?$B$BWhy? He was... was so noble - a ranger lord respected by all. The only human ever allowed to train under the high elves. Now a ruthless agent of the Forsaken?$B$BI... I am sorry to ask this of you, $N, but Highlord Fordragon must be informed of this turn of events at once. Please, return to Stormwind and deliver the news.","Return to Stormwind and inform Highlord Bolvar Fordragon of the fate of Nathanos Marris.","No. It... NO! How? An agent of the Forsaken? The CHAMPION of the Banshee Queen???$B$B<Highlord Bolvar Fordragon slumps in defeat.>","","","","",""
6187,"Order Must Be Restored","Do you know how many ranger lords exist in this world? How many human ranger lords have ever existed?$B$BNathanos' accomplishments were unprecedented. He was a tactical genius, responsible for Alliance victories spanning a decade of conflict.$B$BAnd now... the champion of the Forsaken.$B$BNo. This cannot be. Order must be restored.$B$BGather an army, $N. Return to the Plagues with your army and destroy the Blightcaller.$B$BI wish you luck, $N. Truly, you will need it for this battle.","Assemble an army and travel to the Eastern Plaguelands. Launch a full assault on Nathanos Blightcaller and any Horde filth that may attempt to protect him.$B$BKeep your wits about you, $N. The Horde will defend the ranger lord with their very lives.","It is a tragedy. I think... I believe that our kind is cursed, $N. We are cursed to lose our greatest warriors; our most noble heroes; our most gifted scholars.$B$BWe are indebted to you and I assure you, $N, wherever Nathanos Marris is now, he smiles down upon you. ","","","","",""
6221,"Deadwood of the North","Directly southwest of here, there is a camp of Deadwood furbolgs. I am not sure what they are planning, but I'd like to put an end to it before they become a problem.$B$BThe Deadwood tribe is evil, but it is the effects of the fel that pollutes their minds. Their hostility is not truly an innate quality, yet they cannot be helped. For this reason, I am deeply saddened by having to fight my own brethren.$B$BPlease, $N, do what must be done, and do not mention the details; they upset me far too much.","Grazle would like you to kill 6 Deadwood Den Watchers, 6 Deadwood Avengers, and 6 Deadwood Shamans.","I sense that you have achieved victory.  Victory... such a hollow word considering what had to be done.  Regardless, you've proven yourself to be worthy of our trust.$B$BIt may take some time before the Timbermaw welcome you without hostility within the Hold.  Still, your perseverance will erode any suspicion my brethren may have about you.  So long as you never betray us and raise weapons against us, we will find common ground.","","","","",""
6241,"Winterfall Activity","The Timbermaw tend to stay to themselves, $N. While we do allow safe passage to those that have proven they can be trusted, we try to avoid other furbolg tribes if at all possible.$B$BLately I have noticed that the Winterfall tribe has become increasingly hostile towards us. They seem to be in a state of rage, completely engulfed by their own fear and hatred of anything they do not understand.$B$BIf you could reduce their numbers this would help us greatly, $N.","Salfa wants you to kill 6 Winterfall Totemics, 6 Winterfall Den Watchers, and 6 Winterfall Pathfinders.","Thank you for what you have done. Please continue to help us, $N. We have very few allies on which to call upon.","","","","",""
6261,"Dungar Longdrink","$N, I gathered into this crate everything Lewis asked for.  Can you take it to him?$B$BIf you've already spoken to Thor in Westfall, then you can take a gryphon back to him.  Dungar Longdrink is our gryphon master, over in the trade district.$B$BSpeak with Dungar, then get this crate to Lewis as fast as you can.  We don't want our fighting men and women in Westfall to go without fresh equipment!","Bring Osric's Crate to Dungar Longdrink the gryphon master.","A crate for Westfall, eh?  Have you been to Westfall before?  If so, then it's no problem, my friend.  I have plenty of gryphons trained to fly that route!","","","","",""
6281,"Continue to Stormwind","For a small fee, you can take a gryphon to Stormwind, so you can deliver Lewis' note to Osric.  You won't get there faster any other way.$B$BIf that sounds acceptable, then just speak to me again when you're ready for the ride.  I'll charge you a little, but trust me; it'll be worth it!","Buy a gryphon ride from the gryphon master Thor, then bring Lewis' Note to Osric Strang, in the shop Limited Immunity, in the Old Town of Stormwind.","Ah, a note from Quartermaster Lewis?  I'm not surprised he needs more gear.  Sentinel Hill is far away, in a land Stormwind has all but forgotten.$B$BWell thank you, $N.  Here's some money to cover your travel costs.","","","","",""
6282,"Harpies Threaten","Tauren take pride as the protector of these lands. Undoubtedly you can guess why I am alarmed with the number of harpies that dwell here in Stonetalon.$B$BThe Bloodfuries are the source of the increasing number of harpies in Kalimdor; they encroach upon all likes of life preventing the innocent from leaving their boundaries.$B$BI need you to cull the harpies, $N!","Maggran Earthbinder in Sun Rock Retreat wants you to slay 7 Bloodfury Harpies, 7 Bloodfury Ambushers, 7 Bloodfury Slayers and 7 Bloodfury Roguefeathers.","This is most excellent news! Tell me again how you cast fear into the cold hearts of those vile harpies. The Bloodfuries have been dealt a serious blow!","","","","",""
6283,"Bloodfury Bloodline","Limiting the number of Bloodfury Harpies will not be enough. The only true cure for their disease would be to slay their leader, Bloodfury Ripper!$B$BShe is all but a queen to those filthy creatures. Slay her and their numbers will surely diminish.$B$BGo back into the Charred Vale and you will find her along the western hills. She will not be easy to vanquish, but the reward will be great.","Maggran at Sun Rock Retreat wishes you to slay Bloodfury Ripper and bring her remains as proof of your deed.","Already I feel the anger leave me. What will I do with my time? Knowing evil moves near my land kept my thoughts moving, though now they are silent. Perhaps this is a good thing... maybe now I can focus on the good, as all Tauren should.$B$BPlease accept this as a reward for your troubles.","","","","",""
6284,"Arachnophobia","Warning: Proceed into Sishir Canyon west of here at your own risk.$B$BBesseleth and her eight-legged children of the forest have claimed this canyon as their webbed lair.$B$BMaggran Earthbinder in Sun Rock Retreat has placed a bounty on Besseleth. Slay her and bring proof of your killing to Maggran; there you will receive your reward for disposing this eight-legged menace.","Kill Besseleth and bring Besseleth's Fang to Maggran at Sun Rock Retreat.","Good hunting, $N! Besseleth is an old predator in these parts... I will miss her not. Take this reward as a token for being the forest champion.$b$b<Maggran rubs the wound caused by Besseleth.>$b$bPerhaps now many more will travel to Sun Rock Retreat without fearing what lurks in the dark.","","","","",""
6285,"Return to Lewis","The gryphon master in Westfall is Thor.  If you've spoken to him before, then you can take one of my gryphons to him.$B$BThat's a good lesson to know: gryphons are always trained to fly to their capital city, but they'll only take you to a remote gryphon master after you've already been there.$B$BYou've already been to Thor, so just speak with me again when you're ready to take a gryphon to Westfall.  Once there, you can deliver Osric's Crate to Quartermaster Lewis.","Buy a gryphon ride to Sentinel Hill from the gryphon master Dungar Longdrink, then take Osric's Crate to Lewis at Sentinel Hill.","Great, you brought the armor!  We'll get this divvied to those who need it immediately.$B$BThank you, $N.  Your efforts have been a great help to us.  And now that you're no stranger to gryphons, I hope you'll come and lend your aid to Sentinel Hill often!","","","","",""
6301,"Cycle of Rebirth","Industrial greed and continuous war have wrecked the lands of Stonetalon. Only the blessings of the Earthmother can cure such injury.$B$B$N, I will require you to seek a special seed, the Gaea seed. They are only found here in Stonetalon Mountain, north of Sun Rock Retreat at Mirkfallon Lake, near the water's edge.$B$BOnce you bring me the seeds I will imbue them with shamanistic power to speed their growth.","Tammra Windfield at Sun Rock Retreat wants you to gather 10 Gaea Seeds.","Ah, $N, you have the Gaea seeds. Watch and see how the blessing of the Earthmother can cause even these small kernels of life to bloom and flourish.$B$B<Tammra begins to chant.>","","","","",""
6321,"Supplying the Sepulcher","Executor Hadrec asked me to take stock of our equipment at the Sepulcher.  With the Scourge, and worse, lurking in the woods, he doesn't want the Deathguards to lack gear they might need.$B$BI found that we are, in general, well stocked, but we do need more weapons to replace those lost in the field.$B$BHere is a requisition order of what is needed, for the weapon dealer Gordon Wendham in the Undercity.  Take the order to our bat master, Karos Razok, and speak with him about transport to the Undercity.","Bring Podrig's Order to Karos Razok.","Ah, an order for supplies.  You will want to take this to the Undercity, no doubt.  And quickly, for the Sepulcher must not be left under stocked.","","","","",""
6322,"Michael Garrett","I have placed the Sepulcher's supplies into this crate.  If you have already visited the Sepulcher and spoken with their bat master, then you may ride a bat back to him.$B$BSpeak with the Undercity's bat master, Michael Garrett.  He can provide you with a bat to the Sepulcher.","Bring Gordon's Crate to Michael Garrett.","This crate must reach the Sepulcher in Silverpine?  That is easily done; our bats fly there daily.","","","","",""
6323,"Ride to the Undercity","One of my bats can take you to the Undercity, for a small fee.  Speak with me again when you are ready so that we may arrange your transport.$B$BYou will find Gordon Wendham in the Trade Quarter of the Undercity.  That is the same quarter where my bat will land.","Buy a bat ride to the Undercity from the bat master Karos Razok, then take Podrig's Order to Gordon Wendham in the Undercity.","An order from the Sepulcher?  Very well.  It is an honor to serve those who serve our Dark Lady.","","","","",""
6324,"Return to Podrig","The bat master in the Sepulcher is Karos Razok.  If you have already met him, then I can give you a bat to fly back to him.$B$BOur bats will always fly to the Undercity, but to travel to more remote locales their rider must first visit the area and speak with its bat master.$B$BYou have met Karos in the Sepulcher, so you may now fly bats there.  Speak with me again when you are ready.","Buy a bat ride to the Sepulcher from the bat master Michael Garrett, then bring Gordon's Crate to Deathguard Podrig in the Sepulcher.","Good work, $N.  These weapons will ensure our Deathguards don't get caught unprepared.$B$BYou have done a valuable service for our Dark Lady.","","","","",""
6341,"The Bounty of Teldrassil","The fishermen of Rut'theran village do very well, for the fish here are extremely large and abundant.  I would like to compare the bounty here with that of the mainland.$B$BI have a collection of fish bones and scales that I would like taken to a colleague of mine in Darkshore.  His name is Laird, he is a fish vendor in the village of Auberdine.$B$BBring my collection to our hippogryph master, Vesprystus, and speak to him about traveling to Auberdine.","Bring Nessa's Collection to Vesprystus.","Ah, you wish to get this to Auberdine?  Very well...","","","","",""
6342,"Flight to Auberdine","From Rut'theran, there are two methods of travel to Auberdine: by ferry and by hippogryph.  Both are quick and reliable, but if you have not yet flown to Auberdine by hippogryph, then I suggest you do.$B$BIt is sound advice to speak with the hippogryph master in every town that has one.  Once you speak to the master, you can then fly there from other towns.$B$BHere is Nessa's collection.  Speak with me again when you are ready to fly to Auberdine and deliver Nessa's collection to Laird.","Ride a hippogryph to Auberdine from the hippogryph master Vesprystus, then bring Nessa's Collection to Laird.","A package from Nessa?  Thank you, $N!  She told me she would send me samples of the fish caught near Rut'theran village.  She thinks they may be very different from the fish caught here...$B$BMy!  This jawbone is nearly twice the size of the same fish found here.  And these scales are as big as a closed fist!  Amazing!","","","","",""
6343,"Return to Nessa","I must send a response to Nessa.  She'll be very interested to know how different the fish here are from those along Teldrassil's coastline.  We can only guess the cause, but it is my suspicion that the world tree itself is affecting the wildlife around it!$B$BPlease, take this response to Nessa.  If you wish to take a hippogryph back to Rut'theran then speak with the hippogryph master Caylais Moonfeather.  If you wish to take the ferry, then one regularly departs from the dock to the northwest.","Bring Laird's Response to Nessa Shadowsong.","This is very interesting.  The fish here are large, but I didn't think the difference in bounties between here and the mainland was so great.  There must be a reason for this...$B$BWell thank you, $N.  I will discuss with the villagers the news you brought.  Perhaps, one day, we will find the root of this oddity.  But until then, we shall reap its benefits!","","","","",""
6344,"Nessa Shadowsong","A friend of mine, Nessa Shadowsong, is a fishing merchant in Rut'theran Village.  She needs a parcel taken to Darkshore, and is looking for someone to help her.$B$BIf you're interested, then to reach Nessa you must take the portal in Darnassus to Rut'theran Village.  You will find the portal west of the Temple Gardens.","Speak with Nessa Shadowsong.","Yes, I have need of a courier who will take a package to Darkshore.  Will you help me?","","","","",""
6361,"A Bundle of Hides","I have a bundle of hides from the animals of the Barrens, and must get them to Thunder Bluff.  A colleague there, Ahanu, will use the hides to create leather goods.$B$BWill you take the hides to him for me?$B$BThe quickest way to Thunder Bluff is on the back of a wind rider.  Bring the bundle of hides to Devrak, our wind rider master in the Crossroads, and speak to him about transport to Thunder Bluff.","Bring the Bundle of Hides to the wind rider master Devrak in the Crossroads.","If you must take these hides to Thunder Bluff, then you are speaking to the right orc!","","","","",""
6362,"Ride to Thunder Bluff","For a small fee, I will give you a wind rider to Thunder Bluff.  There's no faster way to the city!$B$BIf that is acceptable, speak to me again when you are ready to go.$B$BIf you're taking those hides to Ahanu, then I think he's at Hewa's Armory, at the base of the wind rider tower in Thunder Bluff.  And that's right where you'll land!","Buy a wind rider to Thunder Bluff from the wind rider master Devrak, then bring the Bundle of Hides to Ahanu in Thunder Bluff.","Ah, a new bundle of hides. I will get to work on these immediately!$B$BThank you, brother. You have done me a great service. Here are some coins to pay for your time and travel costs.","","","","",""
6363,"Tal the Wind Rider Master","I have prepared leather goods for Jahan to sell at the Crossroads.  Will you bring them to him?$B$BIf you have already been to the Crossroads and spoken to their wind rider master, then you can fly one of our Thunder Bluff wind riders back to him.$B$BTake the leather goods to Tal, our wind rider master in Thunder Bluff, and speak with him to arrange transport to the Crossroads.","Bring Ahanu's Leather Goods to Tal in Thunder Bluff.","You need to take this to the Crossroads, eh? That's not a problem. If you've already been there and spoken to Devrak, then you can take one of my wind riders back to him.","","","","",""
6364,"Return to Jahan","In order to fly to a town, you must have already been there and spoken with the wind rider master of that town.  You have been to the Crossroads and spoken to their wind rider master Devrak, so for a small fee you can take a wind rider to him from here.$B$BSpeak with me again when you are ready.  Once at the Crossroads, you can then deliver the leather goods to Jahan Hawkwing.","Buy a wind rider to the Crossroads from the wind rider master Tal, then bring Ahanu's Leather Goods to Jahan Hawkwing.","Ahanu sent me finished products? Very good. There are many hunters and adventurers in the Crossroads now and business is lively. I am sure I'll sell these goods very soon.$B$BThank you for all your efforts, $N. I am in your debt.","","","","",""
6365,"Meats to Orgrimmar","I have some choice cuts of meat that I want to send to a friend.  Her name is Gryshka, the innkeeper in Orgrimmar.  Will you deliver the meat for me?$B$BThe fastest way to Orgrimmar is on a wind rider.  Take the meats to the Crossroads wind rider master, Devrak, and speak with him about transport to Orgrimmar.","Bring Zargh's Meats to Devrak in the Crossroads.","You have to get this meat to Orgrimmar? That is no problem. For a small fee, my wind rider can take you there.","","","","",""
6381,"New Life","As you have seen, $c, though the land is in pain, the cycle of life is a powerful thing. Now we must do our part help it along. You must plant these seeds at the center of the destruction, to the west, in the Charred Vale. Beware, for harpies and angry fire elementals still plague the scarred land.$B$B$N, take these enchanted Gaea seeds and plant them in fertile mounds of soil. The cycle of life must go on!","Plant 10 Gaea Seeds in Gaea Dirt Mounds, and then return the remaining Enchanted Gaea Seeds to Tammra at Sun Rock Retreat.","This is great victory for the land. In time, other things will come to pass: the Venture Co. will pack up their buzz saws and axes, the angry fire spirits will calm, and the harpies will be pushed out by the land.$B$BOnly then $N, will Stonetalon be truly at peace.$B$BYou have done well $c; take one of these items as thanks for the new life you have created here today.","","Gaea seed planted","","",""
6382,"The Ashenvale Hunt","Your strength impresses me, $c.  Your willingness to embrace the hunt gives me confidence that you could move on to bigger game... and bigger challenges.$B$BThe forests of Ashenvale represent a vast untamed wild that the Horde seeks to impose its own will upon, both politically and spiritually.  If you seek to prove yourself in an unproven land, seek the guidance of Senani Thunderheart in Splintertree Post.  The outpost is due north of the path leading from the Barrens.","Speak with Senani Thunderheart at Splintertree Post, Ashenvale.","Welcome to the new frontier, $N.  Ashenvale is a land of opportunity, one where a young $C like yourself is able to find boundless chances to prove their mettle.  Look around the outpost here, and be sure to travel out to the Zoram Strand, as the Horde has another outpost there as well.$B$BYour presence here tells me that you've come to learn more about the hunt.  Listen close, and I will gladly share with you what you need to know.","","","","",""
6383,"The Ashenvale Hunt","","","There are three legendary creatures that make up the Ashenvale Hunt; you may seek them and test yourself against their cunning and might.  In the process, you will hopefully learn something about yourself.  The creatures are: the bear Ursangous, the nightsaber cat Shadumbra, and the hippogryph Sharptalon.$B$BThe creatures of the Ashenvale Hunt are powerful, and you may find that you'll need aid in bringing them down.  If you should best them, bring me proof of your deed.","","","","",""
6384,"Ride to Orgrimmar","For just a few coins I will have a wind rider bring you to Orgrimmar.  When you get there, you can take Zargh's Meats to Gryshka.  Her inn is in the Valley of Strength, not far from the Skytower, where my wind rider will drop you off.$B$BSpeak with me again when you are ready for the journey.","Buy a wind rider to Orgrimmar from the wind rider master Devrak, then bring Zargh's Meats to Gryshka in Orgrimmar.","Oh, wonderful! Those are fine cuts! These are from Zargh, are they? That orc sure knows his way into a lady's heart...$B$BOh, I can't wait to cook it. But not too much! Meat is best served rare, don't you think?","","","","",""
6385,"Doras the Wind Rider Master","I've written a letter of thanks to Zargh.  Will you deliver it for me?  If you've already been to the Crossroads and spoken with their wind rider master, then you can fly a wind rider back there.$B$BTake my letter to Doras, the wind rider master of Orgrimmar, and speak with him about transport to the Crossroads.","Bring Gryshka's Letter to Doras in Orgrimmar.","You have to get this to the Crossroads in the Barrens? Yes, I can get you there...","","","","",""
6386,"Return to the Crossroads.","My wind riders are trained to fly to many different places, as long as you have already been to that place and spoken with the wind rider master there.$B$BYou have been to the Crossroads and spoken to their wind rider master Devrak, so now you can fly directly to him from here.  Once you're at the Crossroads, you can deliver Gryshka's letter to Zargh.$B$BSpeak with me when you are ready to go.","Buy a wind rider to the Crossroads from the wind rider master Doras, then bring Gryshka's Letter to Zargh at the Crossroads.","Hah! I guess she liked it! Nothing brings red to a lady's cheeks like a big, juicy steak!$B$BThank you, $N. You've done me a great service. Here is some money for your trouble, and don't be surprised if I invite you to my wedding!","","","","",""
6387,"Honor Students","I see a lot of young dwarves at my door, eager to learn the trade of mining.  And if there's one thing a miner needs more than anything, it's a pick!$B$BI have a list of mining students who scored high in their lessons and earned an honorary pick.  Take my list to Golnir Bouldertoe in Ironforge.  He'll get the picks ready.$B$BThe fastest way to Ironforge is on a gryphon, so bring the list to our gryphon master, Thorgrum Borrelson, and speak with him about transport to Ironforge.","Bring Brock's List to Thorgrum Borrelson in Thelsamar.","You have to get this to Ironforge, eh? For a small fee I can put you on the back of one of my gryphons, and it'll take you there. How does that sound?","","","","",""
6388,"Gryth Thurden","Here are the honorary picks for Brock's students.  If you've already been to Thelsamar, then you should fly a gryphon back there!$B$BTake the picks to our gryphon master, Gryth Thurden, and speak with him about a ride back to Thelsamar.","Bring the Honorary Picks to Gryth Thurden in Ironforge.","You have to get these to Thelsamar, eh? That won't be a problem. As long as you've already been to Thelsamar and spoken to Thorgrum Borrelson, then you can take one of my gryphons back to him.","","","","",""
6389,"A Plague Upon Thee","You look around the lumber mill for something suitable to open the barrel with. You find a crowbar that looks like it will do the trick.$B$BYou set your feet and pray that you'll be able to get out of the mill before the termites get to you.","Release the Plagueland Termites in the Northridge Lumber Mill, then return with the Barrel of Plagueland Termites to Nathaniel Dumah at Chillwind Camp in Western Plaguelands.","Haha! Thank you, $N! You've done it! My father's spirit can now rest and I can live in peace.$B$BThank you again. If there is anything I can do for you, please, just ask.","","","","",""
6390,"A Plague Upon Thee","You look around the lumber mill for something suitable to open the barrel with. You find a crowbar that looks like it will do the trick.$B$BYou set your feet and pray that you'll be able to get out of the mill before the termites get to you.","Release the Plagueland Termites in the Northridge Lumber Mill, then return with the Barrel of Plagueland Termites to Mickey Levine at the Bulwark in Tirisfal Glades.","Thank you, $N. Here, take this coin. I'm sorry it's not more, but try to take some joy in helping destroy the Scarlet Crusade's efforts!","","","","",""
6391,"Ride to Ironforge","For just a few coins, one of my gryphons will take you to Ironforge.  From there, deliver Brock's list to Golnir Bouldertoe.  You'll find him in the Deep Mountain Mining Guild.  That's in the Great Forge District of Ironforge, which is right where my gryphon will drop you off!$B$BSpeak to me again when you're ready for the journey.","Buy a gryphon to Ironforge from the gryphon master Thorgrum Borrelson, then bring Brock's List to Golnir Bouldertoe in Ironforge.","Ah, the lastest list of Brock's best pupils. I have a batch of honorary picks ready to go. I just need to chisel in the names of the students...","","","","",""
6392,"Return to Brock","For a small fee you can buy a gryphon ride to Thelsamar... as long as you've already been there.  Gryphons will only fly you to places you've already been, so be sure to speak with every gryphon master you see so you can fly to him later.$B$BYou've already been to Thorgrum, the gryphon master of Thelsamar, so now you can return to him.  And once in Thelsamar, you can deliver the picks to Brock Stoneseeker.$B$BSpeak with me when you're ready to go.","Buy a gryphon to Thelsamar from the gryphon master Gryth Thurden, then bring the Honorary Picks to Brock Stoneseeker in Thelsamar.","You brought the picks. Great! I'll get these to my mining students. I'm sure they're eager to use them on the ore deposits of Loch Modan.$b$bThank you for your help, $N. I am in your debt, but I hope this money will at least cover your travel costs.","","","","",""
6393,"Elemental War","The Tribunal of the Tides has sent me to wage war on the fire elementals here in Stonetalon Mountain. Neptulon the Tidehunter, Lord of all water elementals, has taken a personal interest in seeing our fiery cousins extinguished.$B$B$N, you can help me gain favor with the Tribunal by destroying the fire elementals in Charred Vale. When destroyed, the fire elementals leave Incendrites. Return these to me and be rewarded.","Bring 10 Incendrites to Tsunaman at Sun Rock Retreat.","The water spirits within me bubble with the excitement. $N, you have given me a glorious victory to report to the Tribunal of the Tides.","","","","",""
6394,"Thazz'ril's Pick","$N, you are a dependable $r.  Can I count on you for another task?$B$BSome time ago I was surveying the cave to the north for minerals, and I left my favorite pick behind.  When I later returned to retrieve it I found the cave was filled with vicious beasts!  Will you go into the cave, the Burning Blade Coven, and get my pick?$B$BI left it in a chamber with waterfalls.  My pick has a spell on it so you can see it in the dark, so you won't have to worry about finding it... just what's guarding it!","Bring Thazz'ril's Pick to Foreman Thazz'ril.","Great, you got it! Thanks a lot, $N. This is my favorite pick! Now if my peons ever finish chopping down these trees, maybe we can find a nice cave to mine!","","","","",""
6395,"Marla's Last Wish","My friend Marla Fipps lived with her husband Samuel before the plague, but when the plague came Samuel succumbed and joined the Scourge's ranks.$B$BMarla was spared an undeath only to die at the hands of her now mindless husband.  So strong was her love, however, that her last dying wish was to be buried with her beloved Samuel.$B$BSamuel Fipps roams at a ruined camp along the road northeast of Deathknell.  Defeat him and grant Marla's wish: bury him at her grave, in the first row of our graveyard.","Bring Samuel Fipps' Remains to Marla's Grave, then return to Novice Elreth.","You have done a good deed today, $N.  Although our struggle against the Scourge continues, let us hope that Marla and Samuel will find peace together in their final resting place.","","Samuel's Remains Buried","","",""
6401,"Kaya's Alive","Tell Tammra Windfield, Kaya's aunt who's at Sun Rock Retreat, about the good news! Kaya is alive! We had thought she was lost after the brutal attack on our village. Follow the path to the west to get to Sun Rock Retreat.\
\
","Tell Tammra Windfield in Sun Rock Retreat the good news.\
","My goodness, my niece Kaya is alive! That is good news indeed. Thank you, $n.\
","","","","",""
6402,"Stormwind Rendezvous","You are to meet with Windsor at the gates of Stormwind.$B$BWhat Windsor is about to unveil will shake the very foundation of the kingdom!$B$BDo not attempt to venture there alone, $N. You must amass an army! Gather your compatriots. To arms! \
\
","Travel to Stormwind City and venture to the city gates. Marshal Windsor will meet you just inside the city borders.","Before we begin, I ask that you first gather an army. We face a dragon, after all!","","","","",""
6403,"The Great Masquerade","It has been quite the adventure, friend. I owe you a great debt of gratitude. Perhaps, when all is said and done...$B$BAs you have no doubt ascertained by now, Lady Prestor is Onyxia: Brood of Deathwing, twin to the tyrant of the Spire, Nefarian.$B$BFor too long she has held our kingdom in her captivating gaze. Even the Highlord is controlled by her trickery - a puppet. It all ends today... The spell will be broken.$B$BWorry not, for together, we shall be victorious!$B$BAre you ready?","Follow Reginald Windsor through Stormwind. Protect him from harm!","<Bolvar holds the shattered medallion.>$B$BThe magic held within must be reignited. The dragon's eye must be attuned.$B$BWindsor's sacrifice has freed our Kingdom, but the threat of Onyxia and her kin is ever looming.$B$BThis medallion is what held my mind and body captive. It is also what gave me access to Onyxia's own mind - to her secrets. Albeit the visions are muddled now, some things I do remember.","Reginald's March","","","",""
6421,"Boulderslide Ravine","Something is amiss here in Stonetalon. Can you feel the tension in the air, $N?$B$BSoutheast of here lies a deep cave in Boulderslide Ravine. The kobolds there are frantically mining a rare crystal called Resonite. I need you to bring back some ore samples so that I can understand what's happening in that cave.  I also need you to investigate the depth of that cave.$B$BGo young $c, it's imperative I know what evil lurks under these mountains.","Explore deep into the cave at Boulderslide Ravine and bring back 10 Resonite Crystals for Mor'rogal at Sun Rock Retreat to investigate.","Ah... Yes! That's it; the Resonite crystals have a trace of Earthen magic. The kobolds must have dug deep uncovering an Earthen.$B$BLegend states that the Earthen are creatures created by the Titans.  They were used to create the land our feet walk on. This most definitely is a threat that cannot be ignored.$B$B<Mor'rogal shakes his head.>$B$BPerhaps I can enchant these ore samples to use against this kobold plot.","Investigate Cave in Boulderslide Ravine","","","",""
6441,"Satyr Horns","Heya! I've been traveling through Ashenvale, heading towards Ratchet, and decided to make a stop here at Splintertree. I'm always looking for an opportunity, and it seems that satyr horns are in high demand in Ratchet these days.$B$BAfter asking around here, it seems that the satyrs in Night Run, Satyrnaar, and Xavian all have the type of horns I am looking for. I'm no match for those satyrs... but you look like you might be!$B$BTell you what, you collect the horns for me and I'll make it worth your time.","Collect 16 Satyr Horns for Pixel in Splintertree Post.","These are perfect, $N! Thanks for helping me out!$B$BOh, and this is for your time...","","","","",""
6442,"Naga at the Zoram Strand","There is evil lurking here along the coast, $r.$B$BIt is the resting place of the doomed city of Zoram, long destroyed and submerged beneath the seas.  Lost, and nearly forgotten.$B$BNow, the naga have returned, and for what reason we do not know.  But reason matters little; we must defend the land we have worked so hard to claim as our own.$B$BReturn to me with 20 of their heads! Throw the naga back to the depths!","Bring 20 Wrathtail Heads to Marukai along the Zoram Strand.","We could use more of your kind around here, $N. Thank you for your help.","","","","",""
6461,"Blood Feeders","We Trolls here at Malaka'Jin have prospered from the land; Stonetalon Mountain offers great hunting for us to live on.$B$BLately, we have attracted the wrong dinner guests... the spiders in these mountains have been raiding our camps at night looking to steal our hunt.$B$BIf you were to help us kill off these ghastly beasts we at Malaka'Jin would be in your debt. Spiders are everywhere in Stonetalon - just head north from here and you will see what I am talking about.","Xen'zilla at Malaka'Jin needs you to kill 10 Deepmoss Creepers and 7 Deepmoss Venomspitters.","Sweet, mon! Good news, perhaps we will have fewer unwanted dinner guests tonight.$B$BMany thanks, $N.  We are forever in your debt.","","","","",""
6462,"Troll Charm","My kinfolk were traveling here with many sacred troll charms, but the Thistlefur furbolgs attacked and killed them before they reached Zoram'gar!  Those vile Furbolgs!$B$BI miss my brothers and sisters who were killed, but we will meet again in the afterlife.  However, their troll charms hold great value in this world.  It is an outrage that the furbolgs have them!$B$B$N, you must retrieve the charms!  They are in chests in Thistlefur Hold, a cave at the end of Thistlefur Village, north of Astranaar.","Bring 8 Troll Charms to Mitsuwa at the Zoram'gar Outpost.","You found them!  Thank you!  Thank you, $N!  You do not know how great a thing you have done for me.$B$BA troll without $ghis:her; charm is like an orc without $ghis:her; battle scars...$B$BWorthless.","","","","",""
6481,"Earthen Arise","You have uncovered a dark threat to the land, $c. The Resonite cask you have found in that cave houses a slumbering Earthen by the name of Goggeroc.$B$BI have changed the mixture of the Resonite crystals that you gathered with my shamanistic powers. Take the enchanted Resonite crystal and smash open the Resonite cask, which houses the Earthen.$B$BWhen awakened, Goggeroc will be weakened... Slay him, $N!","Open the Resonite cask with the Enchanted Resonite Crystal, and then slay Goggeroc. Return to Mor'rogal with the news and Enchanted Resonite Crystal.","You bear good news, $C! I fear the possibilities of what an Earthen would mean to Kalimdor.$b$bSlaying Goggeroc was a task for no one less then a hero. You have done well; all of Stonetalon and Kalimdor are indebted to you, noble $C.$b$bAccept this as your reward most honored one.","","","","",""
6482,"Freedom to Ruul","Eh?  Who are you?$B$B$N?  You're no furbolg.  They are cursed!  They thought I was a bear and captured me, and now they starve me!  My strength is failing...$B$BHelp me escape, then speak with my sister Yama at the Splintertree Post to the east.$B$B$N! I must escape!","Escort Ruul, then speak with Yama Snowhoof in Spintertree Post.","You found my brother!  He was captured by the Thistlefurs?  That is terrible news to hear, for although many Furbolgs are noble creatures, the Thistlefurs are corrupt.$B$BThank you for rescuing my brother, $N.  I do not want to think of how they treated poor Ruul.  He will likely sleep long after this ordeal...","Escort Ruul from the Thistlefurs.","","","",""
6501,"The Dragon's Eye","A fragment of the shattered medallion is all that I can offer.$B$BYou must find another of dragon blood willing to assist you in forging a new key. Once you secure this key, you must travel to the Wyrmbog in Dustwallow Marsh. It is there that you will find her lair, $N.$B$BWhere to find other flights willing to help? Sadly, I do not know... They are said to exist. Some may even work and live among us, disguised as one of the humanoid races. I wish you luck.\
","You must search the world for a being capable of restoring the power to the Fragment of the Dragon's Eye. The only information you possess about such a being is that they exist.","I should have known - a piece of the black dragon brood mother, Onyxia. How revolting...\
","","","","",""
6502,"Drakefire Amulet","It is a piece of the dragon; a scale - enchanted and transformed. Whole, it could have granted access to the beast's lair. Shattered, it is useless.$B$BIt is possible to repair the item, but to do so would require the blood of a black dragon champion. There is one... He is known as General Drakkisath, ruler of the dragonspawn armies of Nefarian. Perhaps you have heard of him?$B$BReturn with his blood, $r, and I shall enchant the fragment into something that will grant you access to Onyxia's lair.","You must retrieve the Blood of the Black Dragon Champion from General Drakkisath. Drakkisath can be found in his throne room behind the Halls of Ascension in Blackrock Spire.","This amulet will grant you the access that you seek. The lair of Onyxia can be found in Dustwallow Marsh. As long as you hold the amulet, her wards cannot prevent you from entering.$B$BThe Blue Flight wishes you luck, $N.","","","","",""
6503,"Ashenvale Outrunners","We received reports that Ashenvale outrunners left Silverwing Outpost not long ago, and now sneak near our territories in the forest.  We don't want them gathering intelligence on our defenses!$B$BSneak through the forests south of our post here and east of the Alliance outpost of Silverwing.  Find and slay the outrunners, then return to me.","Kill 9 Ashenvale Outrunners, then return to Kuray'bin at Splintertree Outpost.","Very good, $N.  Your hunting skills are impressive...$B$BThe loss of those outrunners helps blind the Alliance, and when they lack intelligence they are less likely to launch attacks.","","","","",""
6504,"The Lost Pages","I just picked up this shredder from Ratchet and I was on my way back to the Warsong Lumber Camp, where I am supposed to be on duty. I was given a manual on how to operate the shredder, but on the trip back, a huge gust of wind blew it from my hands. The pages went everywhere, and all I was left with was the cover.$B$BThe pages could be just about anywhere by now, I suppose... but I don't know how to use the shredder without them! Will you find them for me?","Find the 12 missing pages of the Shredder Operating Manual, and put them together to form Chapters 1, 2, and 3. Return the pages to Gurda Ragescar near Splintertree Post.\
","Reading isn't my strong point... but now I'll be able to get back to work! Thanks, $N!","","","","",""
6521,"An Unholy Alliance","Malcin claims he is outside Razorfen Downs. This ambassador must be slain--his mission a failure in the eyes of the Lich King.$B$BHis presence there does explain much of what we've discovered about the area--some of the quilboar have grown frightfully powerful while showing signs of the Plague in their own way. Truly that must be a sign of some sort of deal they've struck.$B$BFind Malcin and slay him, $N. Return to me after the deed is done.","Bring Ambassador Malcin's Head to Varimathras in the Undercity.","Good. Well done, $C.$B$BNow that Malcin is dead, we can at least know that the Scourges advances will be halted. The Dark Lady thanks you for your efforts and wishes to reward you with a gift.$B$BAlthough we do not know the extent of the Scourges influence within the Downs, I am sure we will discover their plots soon enough.","","","","",""
6522,"An Unholy Alliance","My Lady,$B$BYou know very well what it is we are offering. The opportunity for you to take the Barrens and the lands beyond is a great one. We simply want your aid in return. By aid we mean nothing more than your giving us the freedom to take action in the area.$B$BPlease, allow us to discuss this further. We have great power and are willing to share with those wise enough to join us. I will remain outside Razorfen Downs for the time being.$B$BBest Regards,$BAmbassador Malcin","Take the Small Scroll to Varimathras in the Undercity.","I recognize the insignia on this scroll, $N. You found this on that crone who reigns over Razorfen Kraul? Interesting.$B$BThe Scourge aren't content with one continent it seems. This Ambassador Malcin--the one who wrote the note--is one of the Scourge's plagued servants, a human diplomat to the kingdom of Lordaeron before things... changed.$B$BIf the Scourge are trying to gain a foothold in Kalimdor, then it is up to us to act.","","","","",""
6523,"Protect Kaya","Thank you for rescuing me! We must leave quickly before they discover that I am free. Please escort me to Camp Aparaje. From there, I know my way.$b$bMy father, Makaba Flathoof, will be desperate to know that I am safe.","Escort Kaya Flathoof to Camp Aparaje, and then return to Makaba Flathoof near the southeastern edge of Stonetalon.\
","Kaya is alive! $n, I have you to thank for rescuing her.\
","Kaya Escorted to Camp Aparaje","","","",""
6541,"Report to Kadrak","Have you ever been to Ashenvale, to the north? The horde has recently set up an outpost on the Zoram Strand there, and we can always use some new recruits to help defend our new fronts.$B$BIf you think you are up to it, see Kadrak in the northern Barrens, at the watch tower. He is heading up the Ashenvale campaign and can give you further orders.","Report to Kadrak at the watch tower in northern Barrens.","Ashenvale is a divided land, but our most recent efforts have been very successful. We not only have an outpost at the Zoram Strand, but another just north of here called Splintertree.","","","","",""
6542,"Report to Kadrak","Have you ever been to Ashenvale, to the north? The horde has recently set up an outpost on the Zoram Strand there, and we can always use some new recruits to help defend our new fronts.$B$BIf you think you are up to it, see Kadrak in the northern Barrens, at the watch tower. He is heading up the Ashenvale campaign and can give you further orders.\
","Report to Kadrak at the watch tower in northern Barrens.","Ashenvale is a divided land, but our most recent efforts have been very successful. We not only have an outpost at the Zoram Strand, but another just north of here called Splintertree.","","","","",""
6543,"The Warsong Reports","I recently deployed a few scouts into Ashenvale and I need a runner to take them their orders, and bring me back a report of what they have observed.$B$BYour first stop should be the Zoram'gar Outpost, along the coast to the west, at the Zoram Strand, to locate the first runner. You also need to stop at Splintertree Post, to the north, and along the road to the east, near Azshara. You will find a scout and an outrider there.$B$BGive them each a report, and from them, get an update on their findings.","Open the Bundle of Reports.  Take the Warsong Reports to the Warsong Scout, Warsong Runner, and Warsong Outrider. Bring back the updates they give you to Kadrak at the northern watch tower in the barrens.","I can see that you are one that can be counted on. These updates are crucial to our plans to further our presence in Ashenvale. We can now plan our next move.","","","","",""
6544,"Torek's Assault","Hey!  $C!  Come here!$B$BMy raiders and I are about to attack the Silverwing Outpost to the west.  Our target is its leader, Duriel Moonfire.  Scouts report the outpost is defended heavily with sentinels and warriors.  The battle will be glorious!$B$BDo you want to share in the glory, $N, and aid us?  If so, then when it's over you can report our success to my superior, Ertog Ragetusk in Splintertree.$B$BWhat do you say.  Are you with us?","Escort Torek on his attack against Silverwing Outpost and Duriel Moonfire, then report to Ertog Ragetusk at Splintertree Post.","So Torek's attack was successful!  Well done, $N.  Night elves are decent foes.  A little skinny, but strong and fierce!  I'm sure the battle was something to see...$B$BAnd I hope you gained a scar or two!","Take Silverwing Outpost.","","","",""
6545,"Warsong Runner Update","","","Well, my update will explain all of this to Kadrak. You must return this to him as quickly as possible.","","","","",""
6546,"Warsong Outrider Update","","","Take my update to Kadrak. Swiftly, $N.","","","","",""
6547,"Warsong Scout Update","","","Let Kadrak know of the success we have had here holding off the night elves. Our plans are going well.","","","","",""
6548,"Avenge My Village","The Grimtotem Clan raided my village and killed most everyone. I killed all I could, but barely escaped with my life.$b$b$N, all I wish now is that more of them are dead. You will find them just to the west of here.\
\
","Kill 8 Grimtotem Ruffians and 6 Grimtotem Mercenaries, and then return to Makaba Flathoof near the southeastern edge of Stonetalon.\
","$N, I thank you... but I will never forget what the Grimtotem have done to my village.","","","","",""
6561,"Blackfathom Villainy","Strength has left me. Your help is needed!$b$bLong ago this site was a great temple of Elune. But misfortune led to ruin when the corruption of an Old God seeped up from beneath the earth and tainted the sacred Moon Well.$b$bAku'Mai, servant of the Old God, rose from the waters.$b$bThe Twilight's Hammer cultists have allied with the naga to occupy these grounds. The cultists, led by Kelris, sacrifice innocents to Aku'Mai for power.$b$bSlay Kelris and bring his head to Bashana in Thunder Bluff, $N, please.","Bring the head of Twilight Lord Kelris to Bashana Runetotem in Thunder Bluff.","Kelris has eluded the Argent Dawn for some time.$B$BFor some time they considered him dead or missing.$B$BBy ending his reign you have spared the lives of many innocent people, $N.$B$BEarthmother be praised! To sacrifice another to a servant of an Old God for personal gain is beyond disgusting!$B$BYou have done a great thing this day. Kelris was a creature of evil and sought to bring the world back to a time of chaos by worshipping such creatures as the Old Gods. Thank you, $N.","","","","",""
6562,"Trouble in the Deeps","Je'neu Sancrea is in need of aid. He is at the Zoram'gar Outpost in Ashenvale. The Night elf forest is to the north of the Stonetalon mountains. You can reach it by traveling through Windshear Crag or by heading north through Barrens. Zoram Strand is far to the west of the forest. Be careful, $N. There are forces there that will not take to your presence kindly.","Speak to Je'neu Sancrea in Ashenvale.","Tsunaman sent you? Excellent. Then we have matters to discuss.","","","","",""
6563,"The Essence of Aku'Mai","Within the beginning tunnels of Blackfathom Deeps, large sapphire clusters can be found along the cave walls. Recently it was noted that the naga were harvesting the crystals. Until it can be discerned why, I sense we should stop the naga from succeeding. The crystals have great elemental power and if used inappropriately, could make for a powerful arcane component.$B$BWill you help me, $N? Blackfathom Deeps can be found along Zoram Strand to the north of our outpost.","Bring 20 Sapphires of Aku'Mai to Je'neu Sancrea in Ashenvale.","Well done, $N. These are the crystals I spoke of. Intriguings...$B$BI can feel the power within them. The spirits of water cling to them. Whatever the naga were going to use these for... well, let us be glad they are no longer in their hands.","","","","",""
6564,"Allegiance to the Old Gods","Some poor handwriting is scrawled on the crumpled up note:$B$B\"Yes, tell all the priestesses to bring the crystals to me. The water elemental spirits are strong within them and they will aid our aquamancers greatly in their own summonings.$B$BBy controlling the power within the crystals, we will appease Aku'Mai. One day we will have enough power to bring Aku'Mai back to us and the world will return to its greatest era! An era of rule by the Old Gods!\"","Bring the Damp Note to Je'neu Sancrea in Ashenvale.","This is interesting indeed. I am glad you have brought it to my attention.$B$BNow we have a name for our troubles... Lorgus Jett.","","","","",""
6565,"Allegiance to the Old Gods","This Twilight's Hammer follower cannot be allowed to complete his plan. The Twilight's Hammer do not understand the spirits of nature. They believe in the Old Gods--creatures of chaos and destruction that were long ago defeated. This Lorgus cannot be allowed to succeed. You must stop him, $N. I cannot do it myself--I am too weak.$B$BGo into Blackfathom Deeps, find him, and kill him. Return to me here at Zoram'gar when it's done.","Kill Lorgus Jett in Blackfathom Deeps and then return to Je'neu Sancrea in Ashenvale.","Very good!! Thank you, $N. We may not have stopped the Twilight's Hammer completely, but at least you have staved off another of their plans to return the Old Gods to power.$b$bWho knows what other plans they have manifesting, but we can rest easy for now.","","","","",""
6566,"What the Wind Carries","It is good to see you again, $N. The wind carries with it news from the Eastern Kingdom.$B$BSit, listen. \
","Listen to Thrall.","Are you prepared to take on this task?\
","Thrall's Tale","","","",""
6567,"The Champion of the Horde","I have received word from one of my champions that a way into the lair of the dragon may exist. You are to seek him out.$B$BRexxar wanders the desert wasteland of Desolace, traveling between Stonetalon and Feralas. He awaits your arrival.","Seek out Rexxar. The Warchief has instructed you as to his whereabouts. Search the paths of Desolace, between the Stonetalon Mountains and Feralas.\
","There is but one way into the dragon's lair, $r.$B$BYou see, only the strongest of the Black Dragonflight are allowed entry into the lair of the brood mother. Many trials must be passed and the key to enter ceremoniously enchanted by General Drakkisath himself!$B$BSince you are not of black dragonkin, you may have some difficulty in obtaining passage.$B$B<Rexxar grins.>","","","","",""
6568,"The Testament of Rexxar","What do you know of illusions, $N? For you see, it is an illusion that you must create in order to circumvent the Black Flight's defenses.$B$BI know of one that may be willing to assist you in your quest of deception. She has assisted our kind in the past when she has deemed the cause worthy.$B$BIn the Western Plaguelands you will find Myranda the Hag, master illusionist - an exile of the Lordaeron alliance. Travel there and take with you this message.","Deliver Rexxar's Testament to Myranda the Hag in the Western Plaguelands.","<Myranda holds the note, pauses, then smiles.>$B$BHow is he? Rexxar, I mean. Oh, come now, do not look so confused. The letter was left intentionally blank. It carried with it the intentions and thoughts of its creator. Judging from its contents, it is no wonder Rexxar left it as such. Imagine if you were captured or slain and this information discovered!$B$BOh, nevermind! Myranda will help you, $r. I owe the Warchief a favor or two.$B$B<Myranda smiles.>\
","","","","",""
6569,"Oculus Illusions","So the $r wishes to become one of the Black Flight, eh?$B$BThe creation of the illusion you require is trivial, but the components required for the divination are quite difficult to obtain. Rexxar and the Warchief have entrusted you with this mission, so Myranda must assume you as capable.$B$BTravel to the upper citadel of Blackrock Spire and slay enough of the black dragonspawn to fill up one of your packs with their eyes.$B$BReturn to Myranda when you have gathered enough of the reagent.","Travel to Blackrock Spire and collect 20 Black Dragonspawn Eyes. Return to Myranda the Hag when the task is complete.","Let Myranda have a look, $r.$B$BOh yes, these will do nicely.$B$BWith these reagents, Myranda will create for you a medallion that will grant an illusion capable of fooling the black dragonflight's gatekeeper.","","","","",""
6570,"Emberstrife","I have attuned this medallion with the magic necessary to create and maintain an illusion within the bounds of the den of Emberstrife.$B$BEmberstrife is an ancient drake; an old gatekeeper of Nefarian, burdened with the duty to test those dragonspawn that would ascend to the rank of elite guard to Onyxia.$B$BTravel to the Wyrmbog of Dustwallow Marsh and enter the lair of Emberstrife. Once there, put on the amulet and follow where your destiny may lead!\
","Travel to the Wyrmbog in Dustwallow Marsh and seek out Emberstrife's Den. Once inside, wear the Amulet of Draconic Subversion and speak with Emberstrife.\
","Have we run so low on able soldiers that Nefarian is sending me whelps? You will never pass my tests, broodling.","","","","",""
6571,"Warsong Supplies","We are in short supply of a few items at the Warsong lumber camp!$B$BPixel at Splintertree Post has our shipment of saw blades. It'll take a trip to Booty Bay to pick up a crate of axes from Wharfmaster Lozgil.$B$BOur shipment of oil and rope will be more difficult. The rope was pilfered by the Thistlefur and Foulweald furbolgs, and the satyrs intercepted the delivery of the oil and are now using it for detestable rituals in Night Run, Satyrnaar, and Xavian!$B$BCan you help me?","Collect the Warsong Supplies: Warsong Saw Blades, Logging Rope, Warsong Oil, and the Warsong Axe Shipment for Locke Okarr in Splintertree Post.","Excellent, $N. You've saved me a lot of work!$B$BBut don't think that I'm not grateful!","","","","",""
6581,"Warsong Saw Blades","","","This is perfect -- just the thing! Well, here's the shipment.","","","","",""
6582,"The Test of Skulls, Scryer","We are Deathwing's children, whelp. Our dominance over the lesser Aspects must be enforced.$B$BIf you are truly worthy of ascension, the lesser dragonflight will wilt in your presence.$B$BFind their champions and lay waste to them in the name of our Father!$B$BTravel to Winterspring and track down the mighty blue drake, Scryer. Crush him and any of the Blue Flight that stand in your path. Tear out his skull and return it to me.","You must find the blue dragonflight drake champion, Scryer, and slay him. Pry his skull from his corpse and return it to Emberstrife.$B$BYou know that Scryer can be found in Winterspring.","One of ssseveral complete...","","","","",""
6583,"The Test of Skulls, Somnus","Just as our Father crushes the Aspects themselves, so too must we strive to bring chaos and destruction to their children.$B$BYou must test your battle prowess against the sleepless dreamers: The children of the Green Flight.$B$BTravel to the Swamp of Sorrows and track down Somnus, drake champion of the Green Flight. Let flow your hatred; dominate the insect... Return to me with his skull...","Destroy the drake champion of the Green Flight, Somnus. Take his skull and return it to Emberstrife.","Another complete...","","","","",""
6584,"The Test of Skulls, Chronalis","The time watchers, children of Nozdormu - Lord of the Centuriesss...$B$BIt is three that guard the Caverns of Time, but only one that holds the interests of the Black Flight: The Time Shifter, Chronalis, favored drakeling of Nozdormu.$B$BSsstrike at this champion, a blow to make even the stoic sands of time weep. Return to me with his skull.","Guarding the Caverns of Time in the Tanaris Desert is Chronalis, child of Nozdormu. Destroy him and return his skull to Emberstrife.","The most hated remainsss...","","","","",""
6585,"The Test of Skulls, Axtroz","It was over the mountains of Grim Batol that our Father raged against the combined might of the Aspects. The cowardly act of the betrayer, Alexstrasza, bought the other Aspects enough time to escape from Father's wrath.$B$BSssuch a shameful act...$B$BThe Red Flight now guards Grim Batol, their lieutenant, Axtroz, must be destroyed. Return the skull of Axtroz to me. For Father, whelp!","Travel to Grim Batol and track down Axtroz, drake champion of the Red Flight. Destroy him and take his skull. Return the skull to Emberstrife.","I had doubted your dedication, whelp. You persisted, dominating our enemies, bringing honor to our flight.$B$BI must now prepare the skulls for your ascension.","","","","",""
6601,"Ascension...","From the skulls of our enemies is shaped a medallion. You know this medallion, yesss? You have no doubt seen it worn by your elders.$B$BTake it, whelp. Return to the Spire and present it to General Drakkisath. The General will place the final enchantment upon the medallion, attuning the trinket to your spirit.$B$BYou will wear the finished medallion as a badge of honor, symbolizing your ascension to one of our most guarded ranks: Guardian to the brood mother.$B$BGo!","It would appear as if the charade is over. You know that the Amulet of Draconic Subversion that Myranda the Hag created for you will not function inside Blackrock Spire. Perhaps you should find Rexxar and explain your predicament. Show him the Dull Drakefire Amulet. Hopefully he will know what to do next.","It is merely dragon-talk, $N - more hot air than actual substantive information. Pompous, aggressive behavior is to be expected from their kind. \
","","","","",""
6602,"Blood of the Black Dragon Champion","You will pay the General a visit, yes, but not as one of the Black Dragonflight.$B$BYou see, a ceremony is merely another term for blood letting to the Black Flight.$B$BThe latent amulet merely needs the blood of the General in order to become active. One of their crude failsafe mechanisms.$B$BReturn to Blackrock Spire and destroy Drakkisath. Bring his blood back here and I shall activate the key to Onyxia's lair.","Travel to Blackrock Spire and slay General Drakkisath. Gather his blood and return it to Rexxar.","A victory that will be remembered for many years, $N. The Drakefire Amulet will open Onyxia's lair. Gather your allies and bring victory to the Horde.","","","","",""
6603,"Trouble in Winterspring!","There's trouble in Winterspring!$B$BWhy, sure, I spend some time out in the wilds and know about these things... I'm always mighty proud to say it. I consider the hours I spend out there in the hills to be golden. Help you cultivate quick reflexes, a cool head and a keen eye...$B$BIt takes judgement, brains and maturity to appreciate the wilderness in the way that I do.$B$BNow, what was I talking about?$B$BAh yes, trouble. See Donova Snowden at the hot springs and she can tell you more.\
\
","Find Donova Snowden near the hot springs in Winterspring.","Well, hi there! So Meggi told you of the trouble I have found here?","","","","",""
6604,"Enraged Wildkin","Have you noticed the abandoned camp to the south of here? It looks like the wildkin went crazy and destroyed just about everything they could find!$B$BI heard a rumor that one of the survivors of the attack is resting at Starfall Village, west of here. I'm sure curious about what happened... aren't you?","Speak with Jaron Stoneshaper at Starfall Village.","Aye, what can I do for you?","","","","",""
6605,"A Strange One","I just got back from Felwood, $N. On my way through, I stopped at Bloodvenom Post and I met a very odd character... She seemed intent on one thing, and I suppose I could tell you what that is, but I think she'd like to explain it to you herself.$B$BIf you're interested, head to Bloodvenom Post in western Felwood and look for Winna Hazzard.$B$BWho knows, she might need your help...","Speak with Winna Hazzard in Felwood.","Ah, $c. I see that there is hope yet. Are you here to assist me?","","","","",""
6606,"A Little Luck","We can always use a little luck, eh? A small advantage is all it takes to turn things in your favor...$B$BI happened to make the acquaintance of a rather eccentric witch doctor some time back. She made me a lucky charm... for a price. Believe me, though, it was well worth it!$B$BMaybe you'd be interested in one of your own? See Witch Doctor Mau'ari in Orgrimmar. I'm not giving mine up!","Speak with Witch Doctor Mau'ari in Orgrimmar.","Ah, so Harlo be sendin' you? Well, den, who might you be? I s'pose you be wantin' my help?","","","","",""
6607,"Nat Pagle, Angler Extreme","Can't say I really enjoy fishin' much. Figure I been at it for a good 20 or 30 years now.$B$BI reckon people are driven to do what they do for different reasons.$B$BNow, I'm not saying you need to fish for 30 years or catch every fish in the sea to become a master fisherman. I reckon you just need to be determined - determined enough to sit on your duff for hours at a time, doin' nothin'.$B$BI'll tell you what, catch me a few rare fish and I'll teach you a thing or two. Here's a list:","Nat Pagle wants you to catch the following fish:$B$BMisty Reed Mahi Mahi from the Misty Reed Strand in the Swamp of Sorrows.$B$BA Sar'theris Striker from the Sar'theris Strand in Desolace.$B$BFeralas Ahi from the Verdantis River of Feralas.$B$BSavage Coast Blue Sailfin from the Savage Coast of Stranglethorn Vale.$B$BReturn to Nat Pagle when you have reeled them all in!","Now that's a fine catch!$B$BCome over here, lemme show you how to set a few lines.","","","","",""
6608,"You Too Good.","Lumak no can teach $N no more. You too good! Find Lumak friend, Nat Pagle. Is human but no eat! Is Lumak friend! Nat teach you fish gooder.$B$BYou find Nat in Dustwallow Marsh, south of Humie town, Thermorosomethinglikedat. Nat probably fishing. Go now!","You think Lumak is trying to tell you that he can no longer help you improve your fishing skill. You may want to try to find his friend, Nat Pagle, a human fishing off one of the islands south of Theramore (at least that's what you think Lumak said).","'Course, you must be a friend of Lumak's.$B$BFishin'? I can tell you all 'bout fishin'.","","","","",""
6609,"I Got Nothin' Left!","I'm a dwarf fer cryin' out loud, $g lad:missy;! I ain't been designed to fish! I mean look at me! I'm practically made outta stone.$B$BI got nothin' left - ye tapped me out. I've taught ye all I know, flipflop!$B$BDon't ye get it? Ah, fine. I got an ol' friend over on Kalimdor who can help ye out. 'Is name be Nat Pagle, a fine lad. Find him on the islands south o' Theramore. Git goin'!","Travel to Kalimdor, to the coastal city of Theramore. From there you must search for an island, south of the main town. Nat Pagle awaits your arrival!","I've always got room on my island for visitors... I reckon...","","","","",""
6610,"Clamlette Surprise","Ever heard of a clamlette? Of course you haven't! It's my latest and greatest culinary masterpiece. Oh, $N, just thinking about a clamlette makes my mouth water.$B$BUnfortunately, I'm all out of supplies to make any! How about I make you a deal? You gather the supplies I need to make a clamlette and I'll teach you the finer points of exotic cuisine and I'll even throw in a couple of clamlettes to boot! Deal??$B$BHere's what I need:","Dirge Quikcleave wants you to get the following items:$B$B12 Giant Eggs. You will find those on the Rocs wandering Tanaris or any other species of large bird.$B$B10 pieces of Zesty Clam Meat. You can find those in clams, naturally!$B$B20 pieces of Alterac Swiss. Get thee to a cheesery!$B$BGather all of the items and return to Dirge.","You are in for a special treat, $N. Watch and learn!$B$B<Dirge begins to prepare clamlette surprise.>","","","","",""
6611,"To Gadgetzan You Go!","How you expect Zamja teach you anything? You got all of Zamja's cooking mojo and still you crave more!$B$BZamja can't help. Fat $r needs to go to Gadgetzan. You find a little goblin named Dirge there - he help you, fatty.$B$BWhen you become big cook on the block, you come back and teach Zamja, ok? Now go!","Travel to Gadgetzan in the Tanaris desert and speak with Dirge Quikcleave about advancing your cooking career.","<Dirge spits out some leather sandal bits.>$b$bPfftooey...$b$b<Dirge hacks loudly.>$b$bWhat? I'll have you know that leather is surprisingly high in protein and low in carbohydrates.","","","","",""
6612,"I Know A Guy...","I can tell by yer cooking spoon that ye know what yer doin'. Unfortunately, I can't teach ya nothin'.$B$BLuckily fer ye, I know a guy. He's a goblin and probably the best cook on Kalimdor.$B$BAyep, that's the bad news, $g lad:missy; - ye got to travel to Kalimdor. Git to Gadgetzan and find Dirge Quikcleave. He'll set ya straight.\
","Travel to Gadgetzan in the Tanaris desert and speak with Dirge Quikcleave about advancing your cooking career.\
","<Dirge spits out leather.>$B$BPfftey...$B$B<Dirge hacks loudly.>$B$BWhat? I'll have you know that leather is surprisingly high in protein and low in carbohydrates, $R. ","","","","",""
6621,"King of the Foulweald","$N, another tribe of Furbolgs,  the Foulweald, live southeast of Astranaar.  They are not as many as the Thistlefur, but their ferocity poses a future threat.  With a show of force, we can remove that threat.$B$BTake this banner, go to the Foulweald village and place it on their totem mound.  They will try to destroy the banner, but hold your ground until their chief, Murgut, appears to save face for the tribe.  Bring me the totem he carries.$B$BGather your allies, $N.  This is no task for a single $c.","Place Karang's Banner on the Foulweald Totem Mound.  Do not let the furbolgs destroy the banner.  Defeat Chief Murgut and bring Murgut's Totem to Karang Amakkar at Zoram'gar.","Good work, $N. Issuing that challenge to the Foulwealds and defeating their leader sends them a strong message:$B$BThe Horde is not to be trifled with.$B$BI don't believe that tribe will giving us much trouble for a long time.","","","","",""
6622,"Triage","Good day, doctor. You will be tested on your ability to triage patients accordingly this afternoon. Should you pass your examination, you will join the prestigious ranks of Horde Trauma.$B$BNow pay attention! The critically injured must be tended to first. After the criticals come the badly injured. The injured should be tended to last. You must save 15 patients to pass this exam. You will fail should 6 of your patients die in triage.$B$BTriage bandages will be supplied.$B$BGood luck, doctor.\
","Save patients by using Triage Bandages to tend to their wounds. You must save 15 patients before 6 of them die from their injuries.$B$BRemember the order of triage! Critically Injured Soldiers die the fastest followed by Badly Injured Soldiers. Injured Soldiers take the longest to die and should be saved AFTER your Critically Injured and Badly Injured Soldiers have been triaged.","Doctor $N, welcome to Horde Trauma.","15 Patients Saved!","","","",""
6623,"Horde Trauma","Doctor $N, I presume. It is a pleasure to see you again.$B$BI have some wonderful news for you! Doctor Gregory Victor, chief physician of Horde Trauma has made a personal request for you to join him at Hammerfall. This could be the opportunity of a lifetime! I would give anything to be given a chance to study under the great Doctor Gregory Victor! Do not squander this opportunity!","Travel to Hammerfall in the Arathi Highlands and speak with Doctor Gregory Victor about joining the ranks of Horde Trauma.\
","Wonderful. Put on your scrubs, we are to start at once!","","","","",""
6624,"Triage","Good day, doctor. You will be tested on your ability to triage patients accordingly this afternoon. Should you pass your examination, you will join the prestigious ranks of Alliance Trauma.$B$BNow pay attention! The critically injured must be tended to first. After the criticals come the badly injured. The injured should be tended to last. You must save 15 patients to pass this exam. You will fail should 6 of your patients die in triage.$B$BGood luck, doctor.\
","Save patients by using Triage Bandages to tend to their wounds. You must save 15 patients before 6 of them die from their injuries.$B$BRemember the order of triage! Critically Injured Soldiers die the fastest followed by Badly Injured Soldiers. Injured Soldiers take the longest to die and should be saved AFTER your Critically Injured and Badly Injured Soldiers have been triaged.","Doctor $N, welcome to Alliance Trauma.","15 Patients Saved!","","","",""
6625,"Alliance Trauma","Doctor $N, I presume. It is a pleasure to see you.$B$BI have some wonderful news for you! Gustaf VanHowzen, chief physician of Alliance Trauma has made a personal request for you to join him at Theramore. This could be the opportunity of a lifetime! I would give anything to be given a chance to study under the great doctor, Gustaf VanHowzen! Do not squander this opportunity, doctor!","Travel to Theramore in the Dustwallow Marsh and speak with Doctor Gustaf VanHowzen about joining the ranks of Alliance Trauma.","Wonderful. Put on your scrubs, we are to start at once!","","","","",""
6626,"A Host of Evil","The Forsaken do not pass on their... illness... from what I have seen. This diplomat seems to be granting undeath to would-be followers. I am beginning to think he is one of the Scourge.$B$BFor now, my concern is not with him though, it's with the growing ranks around him. They creep from the shadows daily, almost begging him for more power.$B$BI'm not powerful enough to fight them on my own, $N. What do you say? Are you up for some hunting?","Kill 8 Razorfen Battleguard, 8 Razorfen Thornweavers, and 8 Death's Head Cultists and return to Myriam Moonsinger near the entrance to Razorfen Downs.","Thank you, $N! The work you've done will be a great help, I'm sure.$B$BI will continue my study of this diplomat and the rest of the quilboar here. If you seek greater adventure, I'd find a few friends and head into the cave that looks like a great boar maw just over there. I'm sure once you're inside you'll find greater challenges to face.","","","","",""
6627,"Test of Lore","You have brought me the book, and now it is time for your question. Are you ready?$B$BTime is not an issue, $c, so do not feel pressured. You may take as long as you like to answer.","Answer Braug Dimspirit's question successfully and then speak to him again. He will remain in Stonetalon Mountains when you are ready.","Well done, $C. You have studied the text I asked you to, and now you have passed another of our tests.","Answer Braug Dimspirit's question correctly","","","",""
6628,"Test of Lore","So the time is once again upon us. As a student of lore, you have shown great tenacity by undertaking my task.$B$BAnd so now I offer you your question. If you are ready, speak to me again, and take all the time you need, $N--there is no pressure to answer quickly.","Answer Parqual Fintallas' question successfully and then speak to him again. He will remain in the Undercity until you are ready.","Well done, $N. I had my doubts if you studied the text I asked you to get, but you've answered correctly.","Answer Parqual Fintallas' question correctly","","","",""
6629,"Kill Grundig Darkcloud","$N, you've done a fine job killing Grimtotem. If you dare, Grundig Darkcloud and his personal band of brutes is by far the worst of the lot. He was the one who led the brutal attack on my village.$b$bYou will find him in Grimtotem Post a bit further up the path to the west. Kill him, and I will be forever grateful.\
","Kill Grundig Darkcloud and 6 Grimtotem Brutes, and return to Makaba Flathoof near the southeastern edge of Stonetalon.\
","Grundig Darkcloud is dead! $N, I will always be grateful for what you've done here today.","","","","",""
6641,"Vorsha the Lasher","Vorsha the Lasher... the fiendish hydra that roams the seas...$B$BShe has attacked our outpost, each time unprovoked, laying waste to anything that falls in her path.$B$BBut I am ready, $N. I have prepared to best the hydra and end these attacks on Zoram'gar.$B$BThe naga honor the wicked nature of this beast with a brazier that remains lit on an island just off the coast. I believe that if we put it out, Vorsha will appear in anger.$B$BWe will need help, so be sure to bring some strong allies.","Keep Muglash safe as he travels to the brazier. Help him by putting the brazier out, then protect him as you fight against the Naga.$B$BIf you are successful, return to the Zoram'gar Outpost and inform the Warsong Runner of the death of Vorsha the Lasher.","I have witnessed many naga attacks since I arrived here. It puts my mind at ease that Vorsha will no longer roam freely.$B$BWe are in your debt, $N.","Defeat Vorsha the Lasher","","","",""
6642,"Favor Amongst the Brotherhood, Dark Iron Ore","","","Your offering has been accepted. Favor you have gained. Continue and you shall be allowed access to the ancient trades.","","","","",""
6643,"Favor Amongst the Brotherhood, Fiery Core","","","Your offering has been accepted. Favor you have gained. Continue and you shall be allowed access to the ancient trades.","","","","",""
6644,"Favor Amongst the Brotherhood, Lava Core","","","Your offering has been accepted. Favor you have gained. Continue and you shall be allowed access to the ancient trades.","","","","",""
6645,"Favor Amongst the Brotherhood, Core Leather","","","Your offering has been accepted. Favor you have gained. Continue and you shall be allowed access to the ancient trades.","","","","",""
6646,"Favor Amongst the Brotherhood, Blood of the Mountain","","","Your offering has been accepted. Favor you have gained. Continue and you shall be allowed access to the ancient trades.","","","","",""
6661,"Deeprun Rat Roundup","Avast ye scallywag. Arrrr... Arrrr ye looking fer work? We gots a serious rat problem down here an' not enough hands on the poop deck.$B$BWhat do ye say? All ye needs to do is take this here rat catchin' flute and play the melody around the vermin. They'll follow ye to the ends of the world!$B$BJust capture five of the little buggers and bring em back here. We needs em alive.$B$BArrrrr...","Capture 5 Deeprun Rats by using the Rat Catcher's Flute. Lead the rats back to Monty. Don't forget to turn in the flute when you're finished.","These'll werk nicely, matey. Me brother needs em still tickin' and kickin,' else they go sour... Ye don't want to taste no sour rat kabob.","","Rats Captured","","",""
6662,"Me Brother, Nipsy","Me brother, Nipsy, runs a rat kabob operation on the other side of Deeprun. Ye needs to take this here crate o' rats to him before they go bad. Get a move on!$B$BYe have ridden a tram before, aye? It's easy. Just step aboard when she arrives and enjoy the ride. An' keep yer arms and legs inside durin' the ride, lest ye be peglegged fer life.","Take the Carton of Mystery Meat to Nipsy at the Stormwind Deeprun Tram Depot.","Poor Monty. Ever since the Gnomeregan incident, he hasn't been the same. That boy has never seen an ocean in his life, let alone being some kind of pirate.$b$b<Nipsy sighs.>$b$bAt least he keeps the flow of twitching critters coming.","","","","",""
6681,"The Manor, Ravenholdt","$N,$B$BRavenholdt has taken an interest in you, young thief. We have been watching. Your style is a bit awkward but nothing we couldn't fix.$B$BShould you be prepared to embark on a career as a disciple of Master Ravenholdt and member of the Assassin's League, you have only to bring the Seal of Ravenholdt (attached to this letter) to Ravenholdt Manor.$B$BYour first task is to find the manor, hidden away in the hills of Hillsbrad and demonstrate your cunning.$B$BRegards,$B$BFahrad","Take the Seal of Ravenholdt to Fahrad at Ravenholdt Manor, hidden away in the hills of Hillsbrad.$B$BYour cunning will be tested along the way. Be prepared.","Most excellent, young thief.$B$BYou look a bit beaten down, but no worse for the wear.$B$BA long journey awaits you - long and rewarding. Are you prepared to finally embrace your destiny among the masters of Ravenholdt?$B$BSpeak with the guards outside. They will get you started.","","","Rite of Cunning","",""
6701,"Syndicate Emblems","","","Hey, nice work! Keep this up and the other rogues might stop spitting on you.","","","","",""
6721,"The Hunter's Path","Hello, young hunter. You look to me like you are skilled enough to handle a beast and train it as your companion.$B$BYou must see Dazalar in Dolanaar. He can put you on the path to earning a pet of your own.\
","Speak with Dazalar in Dolanaar.","Yes, it is time, $C.","","","","",""
6722,"The Hunter's Path","Hello, young hunter. You look to me like you are skilled enough to handle a beast and train it as your companion.$B$BYou must see Dazalar in Dolanaar. He can put you on the path to earning a pet of your own.","Speak with Dazalar in Dolanaar.","","","","","",""
6804,"Poisoned Water","A force of elemental scouts was sent to the eastern plaguelands of Lordaeron, and the disease of that place twisted and infected them.  The Waterlords cannot allow this affront to our purity!$B$BTake this vial.  In it is a quantity of one aspect of Neptulon.  If used on the plagued elementals it will fight the poison within their bodies and cure them!  But their inner conflict will drive them into a surging madness.$B$BDefeat the discordant surges and bring me their bracers of binding.","Use the Aspect of Neptulon on poisoned elementals of Eastern Plaguelands.  Bring 12 Discordant Bracers and the Aspect of Neptulon to Duke Hydraxis in Azshara.","You have done well, $C. The corrupted elementals you cured were an outrage to all bodies of water. Our strength lies in our purity and if we are to win our war with the others, we must remain strong.","","","","",""
6805,"Stormers and Rumblers","We, the elementals of water, wage war with those beings of the lesser elements.  If you are truly our ally in this conflict, then show me your conviction!$B$BFar to the south, in the desert land of Silithus, the servants of air and earth scurry in a corner of rock named the Crystal Vale.  They protect items of power from smaller beings, mortals, and although I do not know why they do this, I wish to foil their efforts.$B$BGo to the Crystal Vale in Silithus and defeat our enemies, then return to me.","Kill 15 Dust Stormers and 15 Desert Rumbers and then return to Duke Hydraxis in Azshara.","Your bravery is proven, as is your worth to us.  Perhaps I may have future tasks for you, tasks more befitting a valued ally of the Waterlords.","","","","",""
6821,"Eye of the Emberseer","You have shown me that you can defeat our enemies and perform missions to further the cause of the Waterlords.  But until now you have only faced lesser foes... if pitted against a powerful enemy, can you prevail?$B$BThat is your new task.$B$BHigh up in Blackrock Spire the orcs have captured a servant of fire, the Pyroguard Emberseer.  Find his place of imprisonment, slay his captors, and then slay the emberseer.  Bring me his eye and it will show me your worth.","Bring the Eye of the Emberseer to Duke Hydraxis in Azshara.","Ah, so you do have the strength.  And you have the cunning as well, for Blackrock Spire is more than a match for brute strength alone.$B$BIndeed $N, you may yet prove a valued ally to us...","","","","",""
6822,"The Molten Core","$n, perhaps it is time to give you a real test.  Are you ready?$B$BAt the bottom of Blackrock Depths is a passage to the Molten Core.  This is a stronghold of our enemy, held by the most powerful servants of fire on this world.$B$BGo to the Molten Core, $N.  Show me you have the strength and the will to defeat what you find there.$B$BAnd if you have allies among your people, then rally them.  Nothing short of an army can hope to enter the Molten Core and live.","Kill 1 Fire Lord, 1 Molten Giant, 1 Ancient Core Hound and 1 Lava Surger, then return to Duke Hydraxis in Azshara.","You have done what most of your kind would think impossible.  You have faced the beings of the Molten Core, and triumphed!$B$BFor so small a creature, you have displayed great resource.$B$BSome day, perhaps we might strike a true allegiance between your kind and the Waterlords.","","","","",""
6823,"Agent of Hydraxis","If you truly wish an allegiance with us, then I invite you to wage war on our foes, the servants of air and earth and fire.  Each defeat you heap upon them will weaken their foothold here, and further prove your adherence to our cause.$B$BThe campaign will be long, but if you persevere then your glory and honor will be great.","Earn an Honored faction with the Hydraxian Waterlords, then talk to Duke Hydraxis in Azshara.","Your exploits against our enemies ring through the chambers of the Waterlords, $N.  It was thought by some that your form is too small and fragile to fight in our war, but you have made great gains.  You have earned respect among us, an unbelievable feat.","","","","",""
6824,"Hands of the Enemy","$N, your service is of great value to us, so we are reluctant to send you on this last mission for we do not want to lose such a useful agent.$B$BBut its success would further our war efforts tremendously and... it was deemed worth risking you.$B$BWe want these captains in the Molten Core destroyed: Lucifron, Sulfuron, Gehennas and Shazzrah.  Kill them and bring me their hands!$B$BThis task will take every resource you possess, $N, but if can do it then the Firelords will be dealt a terrible blow.","Bring the Hands of Lucifron, Sulfuron, Gehennas and Shazzrah to Duke Hydraxis in Azshara.","You have the hands!  You defeated the fire captains!  I would not have thought it possible, had I not known you and what you are capable of.$B$B$N, your exploits are without number, but word of this last feat will send waves among the Waterlords.  Your name may one day be legend to us.$B$BSpeak with me again, $N.  I may have yet another task...","","","","",""
6921,"Amongst the Ruins","The Twilight's Hammer has moved into the Moonshrine Ruins of Blackfathom Deeps.  Their presence can only serve to coerce the elements into working against us.  If left unchecked, this region will be theirs for good.$B$B$N, go into Blackfathom and find the ruin's fathom stone; it should be somewhere close in the water.  In it is a fathom core - a device that when properly read it will relate a history of all elemental activity.  If I have it, I and the Earthen Ring can maybe do something to stop them!","Bring the Fathom Core to Je'neu Sancrea at Zoram'gar Outpost, Ashenvale.","This is exactly what I need! A fathom core is an incredible well of information that we will be able to draw much good from. Whatever the Twilight's Hammer is up to in there - and believe me when I say it is no good - my comrades and I will now uncover.$b$bYou've done well here today; the Earthen Ring looks upon you warmly for assisting us. You've also helped the Horde as a whole, and for that you should be proud.","","","","",""
6922,"Baron Aquanis","The defeated water elemental has left behind a strange water globe.  You surmise that the object somehow fed the beast energy.  Inside the globe, a putrid-looking form of water sloshes about.  The globe itself seems impervious to any sort of physical force.$B$BIf anyone can make any sense of this item, it would be Je'neu Sancrea of the Earthen Ring.  He is located at the Horde's Zoram'gar Outpost in Ashenvale.","Bring the Strange Water Globe to Je'neu Sancrea at Zoram'gar Outpost, Ashenvale.","This... this is quite the find, $N.$B$BYou acquired this from Baron Aquanis in Blackfathom, you say?  Baron Aquanis has long been thought of as a corrupted elemental power; this globe will prove what exactly had corrupted him.  While it would be no surprise if it turned out to be the Twilight's Hammer, our studies will also show how they did it as well.$B$BYou did well in bringing this to me.  Please - take this, along with the Earthen Ring's warmest regards.","","","","",""
6961,"Great-father Winter is Here!","Have a wondrous Winter Veil, friend!  Be sure to say hello to Greatfather Winter!  If you've been nice this year, you'll receive wondrous treats on the day of the Feast of Winter Veil.  Be sure to tell him what you hope to get this year!$B$BAlso, be sure to stock up on treats to give those who've been nice this year.  We have a great selection to choose from.  Fresh from our farm to your plate - it's Smokywood Pastures wholesome goodness!","Speak with Greatfather Winter; he is located near the Smokywood Pastures vendor area in Orgrimmar.","Ho ho hello.  I am Greatfather Winter, and I - courtesy of the fine folks of Smokywood Pastures... \"Fresh from our farm to your plate, it's Smokywood Pastures wholesome goodness\" - would like to wish you a fantastic Feast of Winter Veil.$B$BIf you've been good this year, maybe you will receive treats from Smokywood Pastures as your treat for the Feast of Winter Veil.  Huzzah.","","","","",""
6962,"Treats for Great-father Winter","Hey, can you do Greatfather Winter a favor, um, little $g boy : girl;?$B$BNot to needlessly talk about myself in the third person, but Greatfather Winter has been at this all day and he could use a treat himself.  Some gingerbread cookies and ice cold milk to wash them down with would really hit the spot.  Think you could be a friend to the Greatfather and fetch some for me?","Bring 5 Gingerbread Cookies and an Ice Cold Milk to Greatfather Winter in Orgrimmar.","You're quite the helper to ol' Greatfather Winter there, $N.  Have a great Feast of Winter Veil.$B$BHere's a little something... you know, for the effort.","","","","",""
6963,"Stolen Winter Veil Treats","Listen... not to shatter the magic of the season here, but Smokywood Pastures could use some assistance - the kind you adventuring types are known to give.$B$BWe're missing an important shipment of treats that was restocking us for the season, and now we're missing the agent of Smokywood Pastures that we sent out to the field to find it!  Please - the shipment was last reported in the Alterac Mountains, and that's where our man went to look for it.$B$BSee if both are out there, safe and sound!","Locate the Smokywood Pastures investigator that has gone missing in the snowy regions of the Alterac Mountains.","Y-y-you can h-h-hear me!  Thank the b-b-bottom line!$B$BI'm not really a s-s-snowman - my n-n-name is Sacks, and I w-w-work for the Orgrimmar b-b-branch of Smokywood Pastures... I g-g-got sent out here to look for a m-m-missing package, when I was attacked by a c-c-creature I have never seen b-b-before!$B$BSo v-v-very cold...","","","","",""
6964,"The Reason for the Season","Gifts, treats, presents... bah, I say!$B$BThose goblins pollute the true meaning of this season - the Feast of Winter Veil.  This is a time of renewal; the land slumbers under a blanket of snow brought forth by Greatfather Winter, who is NOT the bumbling fool over there in the red suit!$B$BIf you're interested in learning what the Feast is all about for yourself, ask Sagorne Creststrider.  I'm sure he'll be surprised that someone cares about history rather than getting presents.","Speak with Sagorne Creststrider in the Valley of Wisdom of Orgrimmar about the Feast of Winter Veil.","The Feast of Winter Veil, you say?  Alas, in times past it held a more substantial meaning to us tauren.  Nowadays, it seems as though others have turned the legend of this season of renewal into something that helps to sell candies and presents.$B$BIt's no surprise that Furmund is bitter about that sort of change.  He and other tauren like him cling to our past like a banner of war.  While I think a little celebration is always good, it is important to remember the origins of the Feast.","","","","",""
6981,"The Glowing Shard","The shard is a brilliant green, and although solid, what looks like smoke swirls just below the surface. You can't help staring into the depths of the crystal; at the same time, you know there is something very disturbing about it.$B$BMaybe you should see if anyone in Ratchet can tell you more about this strange shard.","Travel to Ratchet to find someone that can tell you more about the glowing shard.$B$BThen, deliver the shard as you are directed.","Oh... I have never seen anything like this...","Speak with someone in Ratchet about the Glowing Shard","","","",""
6983,"You're a Mean One...","A c-c-creature called \"The Abominable Greench\" is the one w-w-who stole our shipment of t-t-treats, $N.  Be c-c-careful though!  He is t-t-the one who turned me into this s-s-snowy mess!$B$BYou're g-g-gonna need some help in f-f-facing him.  I've seen him w-w-wander all around where the y-y-yeti are; he's s-s-surely here s-s-somewhere!  F-f-find the treats $N, take them b-b-back to Smokywood Pastures in Orgrimmar, and t-t-tell them I n-n-need to be unfrozen!","Locate and return the Stolen Treats to Kaymard Copperpinch in Orgrimmar.  It was last thought to be in the possession of the Abominable Greench, found somewhere in the snowy regions of the Alterac Mountains.","You found it!  You've saved Smokywood Pasture's Feast of Winter Veil!$B$BPoor Sacks... we'll be sure to send a team out there and figure out a way to unfreeze him.  Hopefully, he'll be back in time for the day of the Feast; he'll need to make up missed time working though.  Still, this wouldn't even be possible if it weren't for you!","","","","",""
6984,"A Smokywood Pastures Thank You!","We at Smokywood Pastures appreciate the recovery of the stolen treats, $N.  For that, we'd like to offer you a special gift... presented by none other than Great-father Winter himself!$B$BPlease, speak with Great-father Winter, and he will give you your Feast of Winter Veil gift from us here at Smokywood Pastures.  From our farm to your plate, it's always Smokywood Pastures wholesome goodness... thanks to you, of course!","Speak with Great-father Winter in Orgrimmar.","Ho ho hello, adventurer!$B$BThe goblins told me that you have earned a special gift this holiday season, and I am pleased to give it to you.  Here you go - have a wondrous Feast of Winter Veil this and every season in the future.","","","","",""
7021,"Great-father Winter is Here!","Have a wondrous Winter Veil, friend!  Be sure to say hello to Greatfather Winter, who's currently in Orgrimmar!  If you've been nice this year, you'll receive wondrous treats on the day of the Feast of Winter Veil.  Be sure to tell him what you hope to get this year!$B$BAlso, be sure to stock up on treats to give those who've been nice this year.  We have a great selection to choose from.  Fresh from our farm to your plate - it's Smokywood Pastures wholesome goodness!","Speak with Greatfather Winter; he is located near the Smokywood Pastures vendor area in Orgrimmar.","Ho ho hello. I am Greatfather Winter, and I - courtesy of the fine folks of Smokywood Pastures... \"Fresh from our farm to your plate, it's Smokywood Pastures wholesome goodness\" - would like to wish you a fantastic Feast of Winter Veil.$B$BIf you've been good this year, maybe you will receive treats from Smokywood Pastures as your treat for the Feast of Winter Veil. Huzzah.","","","","",""
7022,"Greatfather Winter is Here!","Have a wondrous Winter Veil, friend!  Be sure to say hello to Greatfather Winter!  If you've been nice this year, you'll receive wondrous treats on the day of the Feast of Winter Veil.  Be sure to tell him what you hope to get this year!$B$BAlso, be sure to stock up on treats to give those who've been nice this year.  We have a great selection to choose from.  Fresh from our farm to your plate - it's Smokywood Pastures wholesome goodness!","Speak with Greatfather Winter; he is located near the Smokywood Pastures vendor area in Ironforge.","Ho ho hello. I am Greatfather Winter, and I - courtesy of the fine folks of Smokywood Pastures... \"Fresh from our farm to your plate, it's Smokywood Pastures wholesome goodness\" - would like to wish you a fantastic Feast of Winter Veil.$B$BIf you've been good this year, maybe you will receive treats from Smokywood Pastures as your treat for the Feast of Winter Veil. Huzzah.","","","","",""
7023,"Greatfather Winter is Here!","Have a wondrous Winter Veil, friend!  Be sure to say hello to Greatfather Winter, who's currently in Ironforge!  If you've been nice this year, you'll receive wondrous treats on the day of the Feast of Winter Veil.  Be sure to tell him what you hope to get this year!$B$BAlso, be sure to stock up on treats to give those who've been nice this year.  We have a great selection to choose from.  Fresh from our farm to your plate - it's Smokywood Pastures wholesome goodness!","Speak with Greatfather Winter; he is located near the Smokywood Pastures vendor area in Ironforge.","Ho ho hello.  I am Greatfather Winter, and I - courtesy of the fine folks of Smokywood Pastures... \"Fresh from our farm to your plate, it's Smokywood Pastures wholesome goodness\" - would like to wish you a fantastic Feast of Winter Veil.$B$BIf you've been good this year, maybe you will receive treats from Smokywood Pastures as your treat for the Feast of Winter Veil.  Huzzah.","","","","",""
7024,"Great-father Winter is Here!","Have a wondrous Winter Veil, friend!  Be sure to say hello to Greatfather Winter, who's currently in Orgrimmar!  If you've been nice this year, you'll receive wondrous treats on the day of the Feast of Winter Veil.  Be sure to tell him what you hope to get this year!$B$BAlso, be sure to stock up on treats to give those who've been nice this year.  We have a great selection to choose from.  Fresh from our farm to your plate - it's Smokywood Pastures wholesome goodness!","Speak with Greatfather Winter; he is located near the Smokywood Pastures vendor area in Orgrimmar.","Ho ho hello.  I am Greatfather Winter, and I - courtesy of the fine folks of Smokywood Pastures... \"Fresh from our farm to your plate, it's Smokywood Pastures wholesome goodness\" - would like to wish you a fantastic Feast of Winter Veil.$B$BIf you've been good this year, maybe you will receive treats from Smokywood Pastures as your treat for the Feast of Winter Veil.  Huzzah.","","","","",""
7025,"Treats for Greatfather Winter","Hey, can you do Greatfather Winter a favor, um, little $g boy : girl;?$B$BNot to needlessly talk about myself in the third person, but Greatfather Winter has been at this all day and he could use a treat himself.  Some gingerbread cookies and ice cold milk to wash them down with would really hit the spot.  Think you could be a friend to the Greatfather and fetch some for me?","Bring 5 Gingerbread Cookies and an Ice Cold Milk to Greatfather Winter in Ironforge.","You're quite the helper to ol' Greatfather Winter there, $N.  Have a great Feast of Winter Veil.$B$BHere's a little something... you know, for the effort.","","","","",""
7028,"Twisted Evils","The crystal caverns of Terramok lie to the west, deep within Maraudon... It is an ancient place with much history. And I am looking to get my hands on some of it, $c. Relics of the old gods lie hidden behind the giant doors.$B$BIf you are willing to brave the twisted evils found in Maraudon, I believe I can make it worth your time. Collect the theradric crystal carvings you find, and return them to me.$B$BOnce I get the carvings, I will be able to... study them. These powers have been too long at rest... ","Collect 25 Theradric Crystal Carvings for Willow in Desolace.","Ha ha ha! I knew you'd be back.$B$B<Willow mutters.>$B$B...So easy to convince.$B$B...Will do anything for the right price. Heh heh heh...","","","","",""
7029,"Vyletongue Corruption","A satyr known as Vyletongue has corrupted the caverns of Maraudon, stunting the growth of many of the plants inside.$B$BTake this vial, $N. Fill it at the orange crystal pool found inside the caverns; the coating inside the vial will counter the toxins, turning it into a healing agent.$B$BFind the Vylestem vines inside the orange caverns, and use the purified liquid on them. The corruption will be purged from the plant, but do know that Vyletongue will still control it. He may use it against you...","Fill the Coated Cerulean Vial at the orange crystal pool in Maraudon.$B$BUse the Filled Cerulean Vial on the Vylestem Vines to force the corrupted Noxxious Scion to emerge.$B$BHeal 8 plants by killing these Noxxious Scion, then return to Vark Battlescar in Shadowprey Village.","Thank you for returning this, $N. With the remaining liquid you brought me, I can continue my studies.$B$BWhile there is still much to do, you have helped to heal some of the corruption that Vyletongue spread through Maraudon. Please take this with my gratitude.","","Vylestem Vines healed","","",""
7041,"Vyletongue Corruption","A satyr known as Vyletongue has corrupted the caverns of Maraudon, stunting the growth of many of the plants inside.$B$BTake this vial, $N. Fill it at the corrupted orange pool found inside the caverns; the coating inside the vial will counter the toxins, turning it into a healing agent.$B$BFind the Vylestem vines inside the orange caverns, and use the purified liquid on them. The corruption will be purged from the plant, but do know that Vyletongue will still control it. He may use it against you...","Fill the Coated Cerulean Vial at the orange crystal pool in Maraudon.$B$BUse the Filled Cerulean Vial on the Vylestem Vines to force the corrupted Noxxious Scion to emerge.$B$BHeal 8 plants by killing these Noxxious Scion, then return to Talendria in Nijel's Point.","Thank you for returning this, $N. With the remaining liquid you brought me, I can continue my studies.$b$bWhile there is still much to do, you have helped to heal some of the corruption that Vyletongue spread through Maraudon. Please take this with my gratitude.","","Vylestem Vines healed","","",""
7042,"Stolen Winter Veil Treats","Listen... not to shatter the magic of the season here, but Smokywood Pastures could use some assistance - the kind you adventuring types are known to give.$B$BWe're missing an important shipment of treats that was restocking us for the season, and now we're missing the agent of Smokywood Pastures that we sent out to the field to find it!  Please - the shipment was last reported in the Alterac Mountains, and that's where our man went to look for it.$B$BSee if both are out there, safe and sound!","Locate the Smokywood Pastures investigator that has gone missing in the snowy regions of the Alterac Mountains.","Y-y-you can h-h-hear me!  Thank the b-b-bottom line!$B$BI'm not really a s-s-snowman - my n-n-name is Sacks, and I w-w-work for the Ironforge b-b-branch of Smokywood Pastures... I g-g-got sent out here to look for a m-m-missing package, when I was attacked by a c-c-creature I have never seen b-b-before!$B$BSo v-v-very cold...","","","","",""
7043,"You're a Mean One...","A c-c-creature called \"The Abominable Greench\" is the one w-w-who stole our shipment of t-t-treats, $N.  Be c-c-careful though!  He is t-t-the one who turned me into this s-s-snowy mess!$B$BYou're g-g-gonna need some help in f-f-facing him.  I've seen him w-w-wander all around where the y-y-yeti are; he's s-s-surely here s-s-somewhere!  F-f-find the treats $N, take them b-b-back to Smokywood Pastures in Ironforge, and t-t-tell them I n-n-need to be unfrozen!","Locate and return the Stolen Treats to Wulmort Jinglepocket in Ironforge.  It was last thought to be in the possession of the Abominable Greench, found somewhere in the snowy regions of the Alterac Mountains.
\
","You found it!  You've saved Smokywood Pasture's Feast of Winter Veil!$B$BPoor Sacks... we'll be sure to send a team out there and figure out a way to unfreeze him.  Hopefully, he'll be back in time for the day of the Feast; he'll need to make up missed time working though.  Still, this wouldn't even be possible if it weren't for you!","","","","",""
7044,"Legends of Maraudon","A dark satyr called Lord Vyletongue spread his evil through these twisting caves, poisoning the minds of all inside. He still resides beyond the purple crystals.$B$BVyletongue also created a living symbol of his corruption called Noxxion that dwells beyond the orange crystals. Together, they have stolen the two parts of my brother's scepter. Celebras, my brother... he wanders blindly inside, cursed by corruption.$B$BYou must help him! Find the pieces, and speak to my brother... somehow.","Recover the two parts of the Scepter of Celebras: the Celebrian Rod and the Celebrian Diamond.$B$BFind a way to speak with Celebras.","Now that you have recovered the two parts of my scepter, I have hope that Maraudon may one day be rid of the Vyle corruption.","","","","",""
7045,"A Smokywood Pastures Thank You!","We at Smokywood Pastures appreciate the recovery of the stolen treats, $N.  For that, we'd like to offer you a special gift... presented by none other than Greatfather Winter himself!$B$BPlease, speak with Greatfather Winter, and he will give you your Feast of Winter Veil gift from us here at Smokywood Pastures.  From our farm to your plate, it's always Smokywood Pastures wholesome goodness... thanks to you, of course!","Speak with Greatfather Winter in Ironforge.","Ho ho hello, adventurer!$B$BThe goblins told me that you have earned a special gift this holiday season, and I am pleased to give it to you.  Here you go - have a wondrous Feast of Winter Veil this and every season in the future.","","","","",""
7046,"The Scepter of Celebras","My scepter was once a source of hope for me. Its power allowed me the freedom to travel quickly through these caverns. I had hoped to bring peace to the spirit of my uncle... It is a task that I now pass to you.$B$BFor the two parts to once again become one, I will need your assistance in performing the ritual. Please follow me, and listen to my instructions while I channel the energy required to reunite the rod with the diamond.$B$BTogether, we shall create the Scepter of Celebras once again!","Assist Celebras the Redeemed while he creates the Scepter of Celebras.$B$BSpeak with him when the ritual is complete.","Please take this, and know that the power allotted to you now must be used for good. Continue your journey through the caverns, and with hope, you will find the remains of my uncle. Much danger awaits you, $N.$B$BSpeak with me again should the need arise.","Create the Scepter of Celebras","","","",""
7061,"The Feast of Winter Veil","Here - if you are interested in learning more about the Feast of Winter Veil, read this book.  While I think our recognition of the legend is the appropriate one, I'm enough of a student of legends to appreciate the collection of all information into a single source.$B$BWhen you're done, take the book to Cairne Bloodhoof in Thunder Bluff.  I know for a fact he'd be interested in hearing that others have taken an interest in the lore of our people.  ","Feel free to read the book, \"The Feast of Winter Veil\", to learn more about the holiday.  When you are finished with the book, deliver it to Cairne Bloodhoof in Thunder Bluff.","The legends and lore surrounding the Winter Veil are ones that have faded from the forefront of public though over the years.  Yes, I know that the goblins are helping to revive the season for their own ends, the fact that our people reflect upon it at least in some form does good to keep such lore alive.$B$BYour desire to go beyond the material and learn about our past is an admirable trait, young $c.  I salute your wisdom.","","","","",""
7062,"The Reason for the Season","Gifts, treats, presents... bah, I say!$B$BThose goblins pollute the true meaning of this season - the Feast of Winter Veil.  This is a time of renewal; the land slumbers under a blanket of snow brought forth by Greatfather Winter, who is NOT the bumbling fool over there in the red suit!$B$BIf you're interested in learning what the Feast is all about for yourself, ask Historian Karnik at the Explorer's League.  I'm sure he'll be surprised that someone cares about history rather than getting presents.","Speak with Historian Karnik at the Explorer's League in Ironforge about the Feast of Winter Veil.","The Feast of Winter Veil, you say?  Alas, in times past it held a more substantial meaning to us dwarves.  Nowadays, it seems as though others have turned the legend of Greatfather Winter into something that helps to sell candies and presents.$B$BIt's no surprise that Goli is bitter about that sort of change.  He and other dwarves like him cling to our past like a banner of war.  While I think a little celebration is always good, it is important to remember the origins of the Feast.","","","","",""
7063,"The Feast of Winter Veil","Here - if you are interested in learning more about the Feast of Winter Veil, read this book.  While I think our recognition of the legend is the appropriate one, I'm enough of a scholar to appreciate the collection of all information into a single source.$B$BWhen you're done, take the book to King Magni Bronzebeard.  I know for a fact he'd be interested in hearing that others have taken an interest in the older legends.  ","Feel free to read the book, \"The Feast of Winter Veil\", to learn more about the holiday.  When you are finished with the book, deliver it to King Magni Bronzebeard in Ironforge.","The legends and lore surrounding the Winter Veil are ones that have faded from the forefront of public thought over the years.  While I recognize that the goblins are helping to revive the season for their own ends, the fact that the citizenry thinks about it at least in some form does good to keep such lore alive.$B$BYour desire to go beyond the material and learn about our past is an admirable trait, young $c.  I salute your erudite nature.","","","","",""
7064,"Corruption of Earth and Seed","Deep in Maraudon lives an evil creature of chaos--Princess Theradras is an elemental force of earth related to the Old Gods. Ages ago, she and Zaetar, first son of Cenarius, began a relationship. The offspring of their time together became known to the people of Kalimdor as centaur. Ever-thankful creatures, the centaur killed Zaetar, and now hold Zaetar's remains. My quest here is to find those powerful enough to slay Theradras so we may recover Zaetar's remains before returning to Stonetalon.","Slay Princess Theradras and return to Selendra near Shadowprey Village in Desolace.","This is most wonderful news, $N! Thank you!$B$BI will speak with Marandis and ask his wisdom on the topic of Zaetar's remains, but at least you have overcome the hardest of the tasks.$B$BI was told that if we were successful in our mission, I had permission to reward those who aided us. I was given these items as tokens from our people--you may choose one.","","","","",""
7065,"Corruption of Earth and Seed","In the depths of Maraudon lives a creature of chaos and evil, $N. Princess Theradras is an elemental force of earth related somehow to the Old Gods. Ages ago, she was sought out by Zaetar, first son of Cenarius. The offspring of their... relationship are the creatures known as centaur. Ever-thankful creatures, the centaur killed Zaetar, and now Theradras keeps his remains. My quest here is to find those powerful enough to slay Theradras so we may recover Zaetar's remains before returning to Stonetalon.","Slay Princess Theradras and return to Keeper Marandis at Nijel's Point in Desolace.","This is most wonderful news, $N! Thank you!$B$BAlthough it concerns me that you were not able to bring back Zaetar's remains, who am I to question the will of Cenarius' first born. Perhaps now the will of the centaur will break and their thirst for blood will lesson--we can only hope.$B$BIf successful in our mission, I was given these items to reward any who aided us. You may choose one as a token of thanks.","","","","",""
7066,"Seed of Life","The misbegotten centaur--my sons and daughters--have need of their father.$B$BLook around you--this place rings of hope and all that my father Cenarius preaches. It sprung from me! And I cannot take that away from them... not even for their crimes against me.$B$BBut there is one thing I would ask of you to ease my brother's mind. Take this... it is the first seed that fell from the life my remains nourished. Tell him my spirit remains here, and that I live on. I am sure he will understand.","Seek out Remulos in Moonglade and give him the Seed of Life.","So my brother has finally found peace? I am proud to have lived to see this day. In all his arrogance and anger, I truly thought he was lost to us, but this... this symbol of his sacrifice only proves that he is not lost--he has only been reborn. He takes his place in nature as was his duty.$B$BThank you, $N. By bringing this to me, you have secured a small amount of hope that I thought I had once lost. This seed will be important to the people of this war-torn land some day... I can sense it.","","","","",""
7067,"The Pariah's Instructions","Though exiled as a heretic, my beliefs still ring true--that alone drives me onward. But for my destiny to be complete, I need the aid of an outsider... one not of any centaur tribe.$B$BThe task requires someone to enter the holy halls of Maraudon--a tomb my people protect, and only the most devout are ever allowed to enter.$B$BIf you agree to aid me, then you need only nod. I will pass you a parchment with my instructions on it. Read it over and consider my words.","Read the Pariah's Instructions. Afterwards, obtain the Amulet of Union from Maraudon and return it to the Centaur Pariah in southern Desolace.","This is it, $r! This is it! Now I can begin the great task of uniting the tribes. Thank you.$B$BTake this for your efforts, please. I hope when next we meet, it will be on much different terms.","","","","",""
7068,"Shadowshard Fragments","Strong magics be found in the centaur holy place... the holy place of Maraudon. The Desolace tribes of centaur protect that place wit' their lives, but they canna stop us from takin' what we need.$B$BYou, you head to this Maraudon place and find the rock creatures made of shadowshard. You bring me the purple crystals, and Uthel'nay make you somethin' for your time.$B$BThe place be dangerous, so maybe you be bringing some friends.","Collect 10 Shadowshard Fragments from Maraudon and return them to Uthel'nay in Orgrimmar.","Ah, these be perfect for me magics. Here, you take one of these trinkets and be on your way... me got much studyin' to do.","","","","",""
7070,"Shadowshard Fragments","I've recently begun testing various crystals and their arcane properties. Lady Proudmoore has given me leave to ask travelers heading into Desolace to seek out a place called Maraudon. Within the ruined temple are great elementals composed of purplish stones I've named shadowshards.$B$BIf you decide to head that direction and find some of the crystals, I would be very thankful. I could even fashion you a trinket from them if you so desired.","Collect 10 Shadowshard Fragments from Maraudon and return them to Archmage Tervosh in Theramore on the coast of Dustwallow Marsh.","These are perfect, $N. I actually had other adventurers return from there also and from them I was able to fashion these... please, feel free to take one for your hard work. And thank you again for more samples to study.","","","","",""
7201,"The Last Element","There is work to be had for those venturing into the depths, $N.$B$BThe Dark Irons have mastered creation of extremely powerful golems.$B$BInitial reports from our spies indicate that the dwarves use a unique power source to give their creations incomparable killing power.$B$BJust imagine what we could do with our abominations if we could get our hands on this essence of the elements! Turn that city upside down if you must, but do not return until you have found the essence! Payment will be worth the risk.","Travel to Blackrock Depths and recover 10 Essence of the Elements. Your first inclination is to search the golems and golem makers. You remember Vivian Lagrave also muttering something about elementals.\
","Wonderful! I will have these sent by courier to the Undercity at once!$B$BAs for you - here is payment, as promised. Keep the change, you filthy beast!","","","","",""
7321,"Soothing Turtle Bisque","Who says that the undead don't know anything about cooking? Take my secret recipe for Turtle Bisque, for example. I've known folks that would come back from the dead just to enjoy a bowl! Heh, heh...$B$BSpeaking of which, I haven't been able to make any lately.  I used to head over to Lake Lordamere myself to hunt snapjaws, the nasty things, but I can't pull myself away from my work here.$B$BIf you bring me some Turtle Meat from the snapjaws and soothing spices, I'll show you how it's done!","Bring 10 pieces of Turtle Meat and some Soothing Spices to Christoph Jeffcoat in Tarren Mill.","My soothing turtle bisque will keep you warm on a cold night... if you care about that kind of thing.","","","","",""
8552,"The Monogrammed Sash","This fine sash has the letters \"HS\" embroidered along its hem.","Return the Monogrammed Sash to its owner.","You recovered my sash? Then... you must have killed Mok'rash the sea giant! Hooray!$B$BI'm glad the scurvy villain's dead - Mok'rash was one of three sea giants who smashed my ships and killed my crew.$B$BThree times.$B$BYou are a $C of worth, $N.","","","","",""
8553,"The Captain's Cutlass","After I lost my first ship to those giants, I bought another.  Named Smotts' Revenge, I filled it with supplies and crew, and set out to find the villains.  I found them, but...they beat me.  They smashed Smotts' Revenge, killed my second crew and set me on another lifeboat.$B$BThis time another of the giants, Negolash, stole my cutlass.$B$BFace Negolash and bring me my cutlass!$B$BSpeak with Sprogger.  He was my cook on the Smotts' Revenge, and survived the last attack.  He can help you find the giant.","Speak with Sprogger.","Hello hello, $N. Captain told me you're going after Negolash, eh?","","","","",""
8554,"Facing Negolash","Negolash is a hungry giant.$B$BWhen the giants destroyed our ship, Negolash went straight for my kitchen.  He wasn't hungry for crew like the other giants.  Negolash wanted wine...and my Barbecued Buzzard Wings.  They're my specialty, and I had to go all the way to the Badlands for the recipe!$B$BIf you want to lure the giant, then get some wine and a heap of buzzard wings.  Put them in our old lifeboat, southeast of here along the coast.  When Negolash smells all that food, he'll come for sure!","Bring 10 Barbecued Buzzard Wings and 5 bottles of Junglevine Wine to Captain Smotts' Lifeboat.$B$BKill Negolash, and bring Smotts' Cutlass to Captain Smotts in Stranglethorn.","You got my cutlass from Negolash! I can't believe my fortune, $N! Meeting you has turned my luck to the better, make no mistake there!$B$BThank you! And if I ever get a new ship and you're looking to sail the seas, you would be my honored guest.","","","","",""
